['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  The lungs are well aerated.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged with a left ventricular configuration. There is mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable. There is a small eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. The lungs appear clear. Mild degenerative changes are similar along the visualized thoracic spine. Right breast is absent. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: The lung apices are not depicted.  NG tube ends in the gastric antrum in appropriate position.  The lungs are clear, the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Partially visualized abdomen shows normal bowel gas pattern. Impression: Appropriately placed NG tube.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Moderately severe pulmonary edema has improved.  Because of differences in patient positioning, I cannot say whether question right juxtahilar consolidation is also resolving.  Moderate bilateral pleural effusion is stable.  Heart size normal.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___, 10:08 p.m.:  Lungs are essentially clear, heart size is normal, and there is no pleural abnormality.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is a massive increase in extent and severity of multifocal pneumonia.  The resulting very widespread parenchymal opacities are more extensive on the right than on the left and show multiple air bronchograms.  In addition,
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The right costophrenic angle is not fully included on the image.  There is minor left basilar atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal with left ventricular configuration.  The aortic knob is calcified.  The aorta is slightly tortuous.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: Right costophrenic angle not fully included on the image.  Top normal cardiac silhouette without pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.  No focal consolidation.']
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal and the lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated.  Clips are noted within the right breast about a 7 mm nodular opacity, which appears to correlate with post treatment changes on the prior mammogram.  Mild degenerative changes are seen within the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes are appropriate.  Atelectasis or scarring at the right lung base is unchanged. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality is detected.  There is kyphotic curvature of the spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Scarring at the right lung base is unchanged from the prior chest CT in ___.  No new consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No subdiaphragmatic free air identified.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process identified.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Heterogeneous retrocardiac opacities are identified which project posteriorly on the lateral view concerning for pneumonia.  The right lung is clear.  There is trace left pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  Trace pneumoperitoneum is expected given recent abdominal surgery. Impression: Retrocardiac consolidation compatible with pneumonia.  Results were discussed over the telephone with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ at 10:12 a.m. on ___ at the time of initial review.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are hyperinflated but clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Mild degenerative changes are noted within the lower thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are hyperinflated but clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Mild degenerative changes are noted within the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is again dense opacification at the right apex with shift of the trachea to this side, consistent with extensive lung fibrosis in volume loss related to old tuberculous disease. No evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.']
['Findings: Endotracheal tube, right internal jugular central venous catheter, and enteric tube are in proper position.  There is persistent collapse of the right lower lobes with expected shift of the heart and mediastinum to the right. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. There is no focal consolidation.  Mild pulmonary edema is slightly worse. Linear opacities at the left base likely represent atelectasis. There is no large effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: 1. Appropriate positioning of lines and tubes.  2. Persistent collapse of the right lower lobes, unchanged.  3. Mild pulmonary edema, slightly worse.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of earlier in this date, the endotracheal tube tip is in similar position, well above the carina.  Left subclavian catheter is unchanged, as is the appearance of the heart and lungs. Impression: ', 'Findings: Unchanged left PICC.  Aeration of the right lung is essentially unchanged. Right lower lobe consolidation which may represent pneumonia, aspiration, or atelectasis, is unchanged. Cardiomediastinal contours are stable
['Findings: Heart size is at the upper limits of normal or slightly enlarged.  Aorta is calcified.  No CHF, focal infiltrate, or effusion is identified.  No pneumothorax is detected. Impression: No acute pulmonary process identified.']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal and the lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated.  Mild levoscoliosis is present. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Compared to the prior radiograph, lung volumes are lower, particularly in the right lower lobe.  A new right lower lobe opacity on both views is at least atelectasis.  Superimposed pneumonia is not excluded.  A small right effusion is new.  No pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal. Impression: New right lower lobe opacity is at minimum atelectasis.  However given the clinical history, superimposed pneumonia is not excluded.']
["Findings: Median sternotomy wires are noted and are intact.  Clips overlying the mediastinum are consistent with patient's prior CABG.  There is cardiomegaly.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and cardiomegaly."]
['Findings: The lungs are clear with no evidence of a consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous structures are normal with costochondral calcifications noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, a fiducial seed was placed in the right lower lung.  The previously placed left Port-A-Cath has been removed and replaced by a right Port-A-Cath.  There currently is no evidence of pneumothorax.  Small parenchymal scar at the left lung bases, unchanged as compared to the previous exam.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pleural effusions. Impression: ', 'Findings: There is again seen a right-sided port with distal tip in stable position in the lower SVC.  There is extrinsic compression of the extrathoracic trachea with marked narrowing of the airway, consistent with previously described right arytenoid lesion seen on CT in ___. There is widening of the right paratracheal stripe which suggests paratracheal adenopathy, as well as bilateral right greater than left hilar prominence consistent with known hilar lymphadenopathy, as seen on recent CT. The cardiac silhouette is normal.  There are again seen multiple nodular opacities throughout both lungs, increased in both number and size in comparison to recent CT scan on ___. Again seen is
['Findings: The lungs are mildly hypoinflated with crowding of vasculature.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The aorta is tortuous.  The heart, mediastinal contour and hila are otherwise unremarkable.  No acute fracture. Impression: No pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are unremarkable.  Surgical clips are again seen within the right neck.  There is no pneumothorax, pulmonary edema, or pleural effusion.  No focal consolidation is identified.  Old healed right posterolateral and left rib fractures are unchanged compared to prior exams. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The heart size is top normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  The aorta is tortuous.  The lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia.  Surgical clips again seen within the neck on the right.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Old healed right posterolateral rib fractures are unchanged compared to the prior exam.  Healed left-sided rib fractures are also noted. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no pulmonary edema.  The heart is normal in size, and the mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart size is top normal.  Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged compared to the prior exam.  The aorta is tortuous.  Otherwise, the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia.  There is a new small left-sided pleural effusion.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia identified.    New small left pleural effusion.  ___ were d/w Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ by phone at ___:___pm on the day of the exam. by phone.', 'Findings: Upright AP and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the lungs are well expanded, with no evidence of pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace opacification.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable, and the cardiac size is mildly enlarged but unchanged.  There is no subdiaphragmatic free air. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest show
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding PA and lateral chest examination of ___.  The heart size remains borderline.  No typical configurational abnormalities identified.  There is a relative prominence of the left ventricular contour to the left and posteriorly, but no significant enlargement of the left atrium can be identified on the lateral view.  Pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  The thoracic aorta is mildly widened and minimally elongated, but does not demonstrate any local contour abnormalities or wall calcifications.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  No signs of acute or chronic parenchymal infiltrates are present and the lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free.  No pneumothorax in the apical area.  Skeletal structures demonstrate some mild-to-moderate degenerative changes in the form of osteophytic reactions at the vertebral body edges, mostly in the lower half of the thoracic spine, but no evidence of vertebral body compression fracture exists.  When comparison is made with the preceding examination of ___, no significant interval change in the chest findings can
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  Areas of mild left base linear atelectasis are seen.  Particularly over left mid lung, between the posterior left seventh and eighth ribs, is a 7-mm nodular opacity, which may represent overlapping structures, however pulmonary nodule is not excluded and further evaluation with oblique chest radiographs is recommended.  The remainder of the lungs appear clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Degenerative changes are seen in the right acromioclavicular joint. Impression: 7-mm nodular opacity at the left mid lung for which further evaluation with oblique radiographs recommended.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax is present. Several left-sided axillary clips are re- demonstrated.  No acute osseous abnormality is noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are well expanded and clear of focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Surgical clips project over the left axilla.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  Surgical clips are noted over the left upper outer hemi thorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Since the prior examination, there has been interval development of right middle lobe consolidation, most compatible with pneumonia.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: Right middle lobe opacification, compatible with pneumonia.    Findings were discussed with NP ___ at 12:55 p.m. on ___.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the radiographs of the chest demonstrate improvement of focal opacification of the right middle lobe compared to ___.  There is a new area of haziness in the left lower lobe with an a linear opacity superior to the left lung base.  This may represent atelectasis or a new area of infection.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: 1.  New focal haziness in the left lung base that may represent an area of atelectasis or a new focus of infection. 2.  Improving right middle lobe pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Prior right-sided central venous catheter is no longer visualized.  Low lung volumes are again noted.  There is, however, new opacity at the right lung base.  Somewhat linear left basilar opacity is seen suggestive of atelectasis versus scarring.  There is no large effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is essentially unchanged.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified.  Moderately distended loops of bowel seen below the abdomen. Impression: Right basilar opacity likely due to at least some atelectasis, noting that infection is also possible.  Distended loops of bowel visualized in the upper abdomen for which clinical correlation suggested regarding need for additional imaging.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Atelectatic changes are noted in the lung bases.  Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is similar.  No pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities are seen. Impression: No acute cardiop
['Findings: The heart size is mildly enlarged.  Prominence of the right superior mediastinal contour likely reflects tortuous vessels and is unchanged.  The hilar contours are normal, and the pulmonary vascularity is not engorged.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  No acute osseous abnormalities seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: There no prior chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Tip of the intra-aortic balloon pump is in standard position.  Swan-Ganz catheter ends in the mid descending right pulmonary artery.  ET tube in standard placement.  Moderate cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular engorgement are more pronounced today.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Small pleural effusions are presumed.  No pneumothorax.  Stomach is moderately distended with air.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the patient has taken a much better inspiration.  Cardiac silhouette remains somewhat enlarged, though there is no evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion,
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, effusion, or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well expanded, clear lungs.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process']
['Findings: A single portable frontal view of the chest was performed.  An overlying trauma board limits complete evaluation.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  There is no displaced rib fracture appreciated.  A minimal dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine is likely positional and unrelated to trauma.  There is no paraspinal hematoma appreciated.  The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged. The aorta is mildly tortuous with atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic knob. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Minimal streaky and linear opacities in the lung bases likely reflect areas of atelectasis. No pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax is identified. Mild degenerative changes are seen in the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Left basilar opacity could be aspiration.', 'Findings: Single upright view of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion and mild asymmetric pulmonary edema in the left lung.  Prominence of the left hilum is similar to prior.  The patient is status post right upper lobectomy.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: 1. No pneumonia. 2. There is mild asymmetric pulmonary edema in the left lung.', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Postoperative changes in the right lung are unchanged.  Following right upper lobectomy there is unchanged mild rightward shift of the mediastinal structures.  A surgical clip in the region of the right mediastinum is again noted and likely secondary to prior mediastinal lymph node dissection.  The heart is normal in size and the mediastinal contour is unremarkable.  There are no focal consolidations to suggest pneumonia.  There is no
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  The lateral radiograph shows a new left basal parenchymal opacity located behind the heart.  The opacities ill-defined and shows air bronchograms.  In the appropriate clinical setting, pneumonia is the most likely differential diagnosis.  No evidence of fibrosis or diffuse lung disease.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.  Mild cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinal contour is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinal contour is normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are slightly low.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but stable given differences in inspiratory effort.  Atherosclerotic calcifications seen at the aortic arch.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.  No focal consolidation.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: Upright PA and lateral radiographs of the chest.  The lungs are normally expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Unremarkable radiographs of the chest.', 'Findings: Portable AP upright chest radiograph obtained.  The lungs are clear bilaterally.  No pneumothorax or signs of pneumomediastinum.  Heart and cardiomediastinal contour is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Chest PA and lateral radiograph demonstrates unremarkable cardiomediastinal and hilar contours.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.  No fractures present. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.', 'Findings: The lungs are fully expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
["Findings: The patient's symptoms are reportedly on the right.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes appear unremarkable and unchanged compared to the prior examination.  No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax.  No displaced rib fracture is identified within the limits of these radiographs.  Significant degenerative changes of the left shoulder and at least moderate degenerative changes at the right shoulder are noted.  No appreciable interval change compared to ___. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. No displaced rib fractures identified (within the limits of this study)."]
['Findings: Single AP view of the chest demonstrates mild-to-moderate cardiomegaly, accentuated by AP projection.  The lungs are relatively well expanded.  There is pulmonary vascular congestion and mild interstitial edema. No pneumothorax.  Small effusions cannot be excluded.  Moderate right greater than left glenohumeral osteoarthritis is present. Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  There is no pneumomediastinum.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___ from an outside hospital, there has been placement of a right pigtail catheter with some re-expansion of the right lung.  Nevertheless, there is still a substantial pneumothorax involving the mid and lower zones.  No evidence of residual tension component. The left lung is clear.', 'Findings: There is similarly sized, small right pneumothorax with apical component with increasing pleural effusion compared to the exam performed 12 hours earlier.  Right basal atelectasis is less conspicuous on this exam.  There is a small left pleural effusion.  The pigtail catheter appears to be in similar position.  Heart size is within normal limits.Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Impression: Unchanged small right pneumothorax and slightly increased right pleural effusion.  Unchanged small left pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the right pigtail catheter has been substantially pulled back to lie in the region of the pneumothorax involving the lower zone.  There has been virtually complete re-expansion of the right lung.
['Findings: Compared with most recent prior radiograph, the lung volumes are lower.  A moderate right pleural effusion is unchanged.  Moderate left pleural effusion layers posteriorly in somewhat different distribution, likely related to positioning.  Retrocardiac consolidation is likely compressive atelectasis. Heart size is unchanged. Impression: Moderate bilateral pleural effusions with retrocardiac consolidation, likely compressive atelectasis.    Telephone notification to Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ at 11:45 a.m. on ___.', 'Findings: Semi-erect AP and lateral images of the chest were obtained.  There are low lung volumes and resultant bibasilar atelectasis; otherwise the lungs are clear without consolidation or pulmonary edema. Allowing for the technique, the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits and unchanged.  There is no pneumothorax.  Blunting of the bilateral costophrenic angles greater on the left than on the right which is due to a small pleural effusions.  Mild multilevel thoracolumbar spondylosis is unchanged.  There is no free air beneath the right hemi-diaphragm. Imp
['Findings: There is a new dual-lead pacemaker with leads projecting over the expected location of the heart.  The diffuse increased interstitial markings, lower lobe greater than upper lobe are similar compared to the study from the prior week.  There is no new infiltrate. Impression: ', "Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are compared to prior from ___.  There is diffuse increased interstitial markings in the lungs, most notably at the bases and perhaps slightly progressed from previous exam.  There is no large confluent consolidation.  Cardiac silhouette is enlarged, but stable in configuration.  Degenerative changes and potentially post-traumatic changes identified at the left glenohumeral joint.  Hypertrophic changes are seen in the spine. Impression: Increased interstitial markings in the lungs bilaterally, slightly more so when compared to previous exam from ___.  This is compatible with patient's underlying chronic lung disease however component of infection or pulmonary edema is not completely excluded."]
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  Mild cardiomegaly, mediastinal and pulmonary vascular engorgement suggest volume overload and/or mild biventricular decompensation.  Mild scarring or chronic atelectasis is still present at the left lung base.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: Mild biventricular decompensation. LLL scarring or atelectasis more likely than pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs.  The lungs are well expanded.  Peribronchial opacification in the left lower lobe is more likely due to bronchial inflammation than pneumonia.   Mild cardiomegaly and mediastinal and pulmonary vascular engorgement are unchanged. Impression: 1. Possible left lower lobe bronchitis, less likely mild pneumonia.  2. Vascular engorgement could be due to mild congestive failure and/or volume overload or a hyperdynamic circulation due to febrile tachycardia.']
['Findings: An endotracheal tube is in appropriate position with the tip 2 cm above the carina. An enteric feeding tube is seen coursing below the diaphragm and out of view on this image. There is opacification of the left lung base obscuring the left costophrenic angle.  The right lung base is clear.  No significant pneumothorax is seen on this supine view.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Impression: 1. ET tube 2 cm above the carina. 2. Left basilar opacity potentially atelectasis, infection or aspiration. A small left pleural effusion is not excluded.']
['Findings: Slightly lower lung volumes are seen on the current exam with probable right basilar atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: Right basilar opacity potentially atelectasis given lower lung volumes noting that infection cannot be entirely excluded.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lung fields are clear. There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Multiple mediastinal clips are noted.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Anterior cervicothoracic fixation hardware is partially visualized. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process, no edema.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  Increased pulmonary vascular congestion persists.  There is more focal parenchymal disease in the right base which has not changed.  Whether this represents pneumonia or focal pulmonary edema is difficult to determine.  Likely there is small bilateral effusions.  The heart remains enlarged.  There is aortic arch calcification.  Scoliosis of the spine again is noted.  CONCLUSION:  No significant interval change.  Low lung volumes, pulmonary vascular congestion and focal density in the right base.  Cardiomegaly. Impression: ', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance allowing for marked leftward patient rotation.  Bibasilar atelectasis is noted, with worsening on the right, but near-resolution on the left.  Small pleural effusions are present, but there is no evidence of pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: The heart size is unchanged when compared to prior examination.  There has been no change in the degree of left-sided pleural effusion. There has been interval improvement of the right
['Findings: Cardiomegaly is noted with pulmonary edema and trace pleural effusions, right greater than left.  No pneumothorax.  Bony structures intact.  Degenerative AC joint arthropathy. Impression: Findings compatible with congestive heart failure.    NOTIFICATION:', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes.  Linear opacity involving the left lung base likely represents atelectasis.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Moderate fluid overload, combined to cardiomegaly and a small right pleural effusion.  Hemodialysis catheter in situ.  The retrocardiac atelectasis that pre-existed is less severe than on the previous exam.  No newly appeared focal parenchymal opacities suggesting pneumonia. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  Cardiac silhouette is top-normal in size.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: IN COMPARISON WITH THE STUDY ___ ___, THERE ARE SUBSTANTIALLY LOWER LUNG VOLUMES.  THE IABP HAS BEEN REMOVED.  CARDIAC SILHOUETTE REMAINS WITHIN NORMAL LIMITS.  INDISTINCTNESS OF ENGORGED PULMONARY VESSELS SUGGESTS SOME ELEVATED PULMONARY VENOUS PRESSURE.  INCREASED OPACIFICATION AT THE LEFT BASE SILHOUETTING THE HEMIDIAPHRAGM IS CONSISTENT WITH PLEURAL FLUID AND COMPRESSIVE ATELECTASIS.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  Lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free
['Findings: No previous images.  There is a large right pleural effusion with the opacification extending upward to the level of the hilum.  No vascular congestion or evidence of acute focal pneumonia.  In the absence of shift of the mediastinum, this implies substantial volume loss in the right lower lung. Impression: ']
['Findings: Subtle patchy left base retrocardiac opacity is seen which may be due to atelectasis but subtle infectious process is not excluded.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Subtle patchy left base retrocardiac opacity, which may be due to atelectasis but subtle infectious process is not excluded.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Left subclavian central line, endotracheal tube and nasogastric tube are in unchanged position.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.  There are layering bilateral effusions with associated patchy opacities at both bases suggestive of patchy atelectasis, although a superimposed infectious process cannot be entirely excluded.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.  No large pneumothoraces.  The mediastinal contours are stable.  Overall, there has been no significant interval change.', 'Findings: Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Small bilateral pleural effusions, larger on the left, are slightly decreased in size compared to the prior exam. Streaky opacity in the right lung base and a more focal consolidative opacity in the left lung base likely reflect areas of compressive atelectasis though infection cannot be completely excluded.  Calcified granuloma in the right mid lung field is unchanged.  There is no pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated. Impression: Small bilateral pleural
['Findings: Single portable semi-erect chest radiograph demonstrates endotracheal tube terminating 2.8 cm above the carina.  Enteric catheter terminates in the fundus of the stomach with sideport at the expected level of GE junction and could be advanced several centimeters for better function.  Right central venous catheter terminates at the cavoatrial junction.  Remainder of exam is unchanged with unremarkable cardiomediastinal borders, clear lungs and no pleural fluid. Impression: Endotracheal tube terminates 2.8 cm above the carina.  Enteric catheter terminates in the fundus and could be advanced several centimeters.  Otherwise, unchanged exam.', 'Findings: Normal heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours.  The patient has been extubated the NG tube has been removed compared to the prior study. The right internal jugular central venous catheter is in unchanged position in the low SVC.  Trace bilateral pleural effusions are noted with no focal consolidation or pneumothorax. Impression: Trace bilateral pleural effusions. No focal consolidation']
['Findings: Lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  No focal consolidations are seen.  No pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormalities are detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is no change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Relatively low lung volumes may account for the prominence of the transverse diameter of the heart.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there are even lower lung volumes which probably accentuate the prominence of the transverse diameter of the heart.  The study is limited by extensive scattered radiation related to the size of the patient.  No definite vascular congestion or pleural effusion. Impression: ']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Left lower lobe opacity highly concerning for pneumonia.  No pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is seen.  The heart size is top normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal.  Nodular opacity at the right apex. Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia. Nodularity at the right lung apex for which correlation with prior studies is recommended. If no prior is available a CT chest is recommended.     COMMENT: ___ discussed with ___ at ___.']
["Findings: which could reflect mild fluid overload.  No overt CHF.   2) Bibasilar atelectasis.  3) ? stent in lower trachea and right mainstem bronchus.  Addendum: Review of OMR yielded the follwing history: tracheomalacia s/p Y stent placement s/p 2 days prior (to ___). This would account for the tubular density seen on today's CXR. Impression: 1) Findings which could reflect mild fluid overload.  No overt CHF.   2) Bibasilar atelectasis.  3) ? stent in lower trachea and right mainstem bronchus.  Addendum: Review of OMR yielded the follwing history: tracheomalacia s/p Y stent placement s/p 2 days prior (to ___). This would account for the tubular density seen on today's CXR."]
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates clear lungs bilaterally. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Osseous structures demonstrates no acute abnormality. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  All monitoring and support devices have been removed, with the exception of the right internal jugular venous introduction sheet.  Slightly decreasing lung volumes with increasing areas of atelectasis at the left and right lung bases.  No larger pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax.  Stable right-sided rib fractures.  .  No pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: Cardiomegaly and sternal wires are unchanged in appearance.  There is slight improvement of left basal atelectasis.  Small pleural effusion is still present on the left.  Old rib fractures on the right are re- demonstrated.  There is no pneumothorax.  There is no pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: Cardiomegaly is substantial.  Large hiatal hernia is unchanged.  There is no interval increase in pleural effusion or development of pneumothorax.  Previously seen small to moderate amount of left pleural effusion is unchanged.  Aortic valve is in expected position.', 'Findings: Sternotomy, AVR.  Decreased pulmonary vascularity, heart
['Findings: No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  Hilar contours are stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are normal.  Right pericardial fat pad.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia, no pleural effusions.  No chest wall abnormalities, notably on the left.  The lateral image shows mild degenerative vertebral disease but no evidence of vertebral compression fractures.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is top-normal.  Mediastinum is unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Left linear opacity might potentially represent area of atelectasis but pulmonary nodule cannot be excluded.  Repeated examination with emphasis on full inspiration is recommended.  If finding persists, assessment with chest CT might be justified.']
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute or chronic TB.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Right pectoral Port-A-Cath.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.  No focal parenchymal opacity suggesting pneumonia.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings: Portable semi-upright AP view of the chest was provided.  There is a new left IJ central venous catheter with its tip extending into the left subclavian vein with the tip near the left axilla.  Endotracheal tube and nasogastric tubes are in unchanged position.  A Port-A-Cath is also unchanged. Impression: Malpositioned left IJ central venous catheter tip in the left subclavian vein.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest were acquired.  The lungs are clear.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal.  There are no pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Surgical hardware in the cervical region is incompletely assessed. Impression: No acute
["Findings: The left costophrenic angle is incompletely imaged on frontal view. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is seen.  Mild interstitial prominence is likely chronic, most commonly due to smoking or other respiratory irritant.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: Mild interstitial abnormality, probably not related to the patient's acute chest pain."]
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  There is no sign of pulmonary edema or heart failure.  No pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.  Mediastinal contour is unremarkable.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly without signs of acute decompensation.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear with no evidence of a consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Minimal biapical scarring is noted. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.  No acute fractures are identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Inspiratory lung volumes are appropriate.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Patchy opacity is noted within the left lung base, likely atelectasis.  Right lung is clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: Patchy left basilar opacity, likely atelectasis.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected.  Please note that if there is continued concern for a rib fracture, consider a dedicated rib series.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Mild-to-moderate cardiomegaly persists, but pulmonary and mediastinal vasculature are not particularly engorged and there is no edema or pleural effusion.  Lungs are otherwise clear.', "Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal. Mediastinum is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Overall no abnormality to explain patient's symptoms demonstrated on the chest radiograph.", 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: There has been interval placement of a nasogastric tube which enters the stomach, tip not visualized. The ET tube terminates in the mid trachea. An accessed left pectoral MediPort ends in the mid SVC. There is no pneumothorax. The lungs are hyperinflated but clear. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Impression: NG tube enters stomach, tip not visualized. Otherwise no significant interval change.', 'Findings: Left chest wall Port-A-Cath is seen with catheter tip in the upper SVC.  The lungs are hyperinflated but clear of consolidation. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: Hyperinflation without acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the endotracheal tube and Port-A-Cath remain in good position. The nasogastric tube is not definitely appreciated on this study. Continued hyperexpansion of the lungs consistent with chronic pulmonary disease. Mild atelectatic changes are seen at the left base.', 'Findings:
['Findings: Pectus excavatum.  Moderate asymmetry of the rib cage.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours.  No evidence of lung nodules or masses.  Vertebral fixation devices are in situ. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is still present and could be a source of mild edema and wheezing.  Moderate cardiomegaly is longstanding.  There is no focal consolidation or pleural effusion.', 'Findings: A right pleural effusion is increased since the prior study, with associated blunting of the right costophrenic sulcus, and obscuration of the lateral right hemidiaphragm. Otherwise, the lungs are clear, with no focal consolidation or over pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable, and the heart is top-normal in size. Partially visualized lumbar spine fusion hardware is noted.  In the posterior lateral right upper quadrant, an irregularly marginated densely calcified mass measuring approximately 3.2 x 2.2 cm is noted, not significantly changed dating back to the most remote available imaging from ___ chest radiographs. Impression: 1. Moderate right pleural effusion. 2. 3.2 x 2.2 cm calcified mass, likely benign given its stability since ___, in the posterior right hepatic lobe is possibly a calcified hemangioma,
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there has been a VATS wedge resection with the chest tube on water seal.  No evidence of pneumonia.  Substantially lower lung volumes.  At least 1 other right chest tube is present. There is some indistinctness of pulmonary vessels. Is unclear whether this is related to low lung volumes or some elevated pulmonary venous pressure. Prominence of the right hilar region could represent central edema.  The possibility of aspiration or infection in this area cannot be definitely excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, a previously placed right chest tube has been removed.  A right central venous catheter is in unchanged position.  Mild cardiomegaly.  No pulmonary edema.  Minimal platelike atelectasis at the right lung bases.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the right chest tube has been removed and there is no evidence of pneumothorax.  There are lower lung volumes, which accentuates the transverse diameter of the
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to ___ radiograph, cardiac silhouette is stable in size.  Pulmonary vascular congestion is new.  Patchy right infrahilar opacity may reflect atelectasis, aspiration, and less likely developing pneumonia.  Short-term followup radiographs may be helpful in this regard.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the course of the nasogastric tube is unchanged.  The device, however, must have been advanced in the interval, given that the tip is no longer included on the image.  Simultaneously, however, the endotracheal tube was also advanced. The tip of the tube is now within 1 cm of the orifice of the right main bronchus and the device should be pulled back by approximately 1-2 cm, to avoid accidental right bronchial intubation.  Unchanged bilateral areas of basilar atelectasis. Low lung volumes. Moderate cardiomegaly.  No larger pleural effusions.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are low, and the heart is mildly enlarged. An endotracheal tube terminates 3.7 cm above the level the carina.  An enteric
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there has been placement of an endotracheal tube with its tip approximately 3.2 cm above the carina.  Right IJ catheter tip lies in the region of the cavoatrial junction.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits, and there is no evidence of vascular congestion or pleural effusion.  There may be mild atelectatic changes at the left base in the retrocardiac region. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate normal heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable calcification of the aorta and arch vessels. Impression: No acute process', 'Findings: PA and lateral images of the chest.  The lungs well expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal. The aorta demonstrates diffuse atherosclerotic calcifications. Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Except for minimal atelectasis in the retrocardiac region, the lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormality is visualized. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette
['Findings: The heart size is top normal in with evidence of prior CABG.  Normal postoperative changes are noted overlying the sternum and retrosternum with no air-fluid levels seen in the retrosternal space.  No focal opacities, pleural effusions, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema are seen. Impression: No evidence of sternal instability.', 'Findings: A right PICC ends in the mid superior vena cava.  The lungs are clear without focal opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Mediastinal surgical clips and stents are noted.  There are aortic knob calcifications.  The heart size is top normal.  Prominence of the right hila is stable. Impression: Right PICC ends in the superior vena cava.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  The lungs are well-inflated. Mild to moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged from ___. Mild to moderate pulmonary edema and cephalization are new. Small, bilateral pleural effusions. There is no pneumothorax. The hilar contours are normal.  Moderate degenerative changes at the glenohumeral joints is worsened, bilaterally. Impression: 1. Mild to moderate cardiomegaly is stable from ___, mild to moderate pulmonary edema, small bilateral pleural effusions and cephalization are consistent with heart failure.  2. Moderate degenerative change at the glenohumeral joints is worsened, bilaterally from ___.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the patient has taken a better inspiration.  Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with possible mild elevation of pulmonary venous pressure that is substantially less than on the previous study.  Probable small left effusion with atelectatic changes at the base.  No acute focal pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: Right pigtail pleural catheter remains in place, with slight increase in size of moderate right pleural effusion is compared to previous radiograph of ___.  Heterogeneous opacities in the right lung are persistent finding, but focal atelectasis in the left lower lobe has substantially improved.  No other relevant changes.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous image, the nasogastric tube has been replaced.  The course of the tube is unremarkable, the tip of the tube projects over the middle parts of the stomach.  No complications, notably no pneumothorax.  Unchanged appearance of the left and right lung as well as of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has received a nasogastric tube.  The tip projects over the lower esophagus.  The line needs to be advanced by about 15 cm.', 'Findings: In comparison to the most recent study, lung volumes have slightly increased although they remain low.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Right upper lobe opacity corresponds to known mass.  Heterogeneous opacities
['Findings: Since the prior radiograph, there has been no significant change.  There are bilateral diffuse parenchymal opacities that are extensive and worse on the right side.  Given the distribution and underlying clinical history, this most likely etiology is infectious; however, pulmonary hemorrhage should be considered if there is accompanying coagulopathy.  Pulmonary edema is less likely given the distribution and time course.  There is no pleural effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Impression: Mostly stable appearance of bilateral diffuse parenchymal opacities which are most likely infectious in etiology. Other considerations may be pulmonary hemorrhage and least likely pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  The endotracheal tube is still low, projecting within 1 cm of the carina.  As emphasized in the previous report, the tube should be pulled back by approximately 2-3 cm.  Course of the nasogastric tube and of the right PICC line is constant.  Moderate-to-severe pleural effusion on the right, with underlying very extensive bilateral parenchymal opac
['Findings: Compared to the previous exam, there is increasing amount of pleural fluid loculated along the lateral aspect of the left hemithorax, now small to moderate in size.  Wedge-shaped opacity within the left mid lung field is relatively unchanged compatible with post biopsy changes.  Left basilar opacification may reflect atelectasis.  The right lung demonstrates minimal atelectasis in the right lung base.  Multiple nodules are again seen within both lungs, better appreciated on the previous CT.  Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is unchanged.  No pneumothorax is identified, and no pulmonary vascular congestion is seen.  Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are stable. Impression: Interval increase in amount of left pleural effusion which is loculated laterally.  Post wedge resection changes again seen in the left mid lung field.  Bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the postoperative changes in the left mid and lower zones have substantially resolved with some residual scarring.  The right upper lobe nodule is again seen.  No evidence of acute focal pneumonia or vascular congestion. Impression: ',
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  There is minimal rightward convex curvature along the lower thoracic spine.  Bony structures are otherwise unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.   IMPRESSION:  No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.']
['Findings:  Impression: No change as compared to the previous examination.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lateral and basal components of the known right pneumothorax have substantially decreased in extent and severity. The apical component is not substantially changed. Signs of tension are no longer present.  Unchanged appearance of the heart and the left lung.', 'Findings:  Impression: SMALL RIGHT APICAL PNEUMOTHORAX IS UNCHANGED IN VOLUME SINCE ___, BUT NOW CONTAINS A SMALL VOLUME OF FLUID.  APICAL PLEURAL PIGTAIL DRAINAGE CATHETER UNCHANGED IN POSITION. NO ADETECTABLE LAYERING PLEURAL EFFUSION. NO MEDIASTINAL SHIFT. RIGHT UPPER LOBE BRONCHIAL WALL THICKENING AND POSTOPERATIVE ATELECTASIS OR SCARRING ARE CHRONIC. LEFT LUNG IS CLEAR. HEART SIZE IS NORMAL.', 'Findings: Following removal of right chest tube, a small right apical pneumothorax appears unchanged.  Heterogeneous opacities in the right lung appear slightly improved and
['Findings: were discussed with Dr. ___ at 17:32 on ___ via telephone. Impression: 1.  Large right-sided Morgagni hernia. 2.  Small left pleural effusion.  Findings were discussed with Dr. ___ at 17:32 on ___ via telephone.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Again seen is a right lower hemithorax opacity/elevation of right hemidiaphragm which may represent large right-sided Morgagni hernia with overlying right base plate-like atelectasis as on prior study. However, per patient history, there is history of hernia repair.  If patient did indeed have a repair of Morgnani hernia, then there is density at the right lower hemithorax/elevation of the right hemidiaphragm which could be further evaluated with CT.There is subsequent stable mild shift of the mediastinum to the left.  The left lung is clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: Again seen is a right lower hemithorax opacity
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Dual-lead pacing device is seen with lead tips in the right atrium and right ventricle.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: should be clearly marked and imaged with either bone detail radiographs or Chest CT scanning. Impression: There no prior chest radiographs available for review.  Lungs are low in volume but clear.  Heart is mildly and enlarged.  Mediastinal contours are otherwise normal.  There is no hilar or pleural abnormality.   Although no acute fracture or other chest wall lesion is seen, conventional chest radiographs are not sufficient for detection or characterization of most such abnormalities. If the demonstration of trauma to the chest wall is clinically warranted,  the location of any referrable focal findings  should be clearly marked and imaged with either bone detail radiographs or Chest CT scanning.']
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia identified.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the nasogastric tube has been pulled back slightly.  The sidehole now projects over the gastroesophageal junction, the tip is located in the proximal portions of the stomach.  To ensure correct position, the tube should be advanced by approximately 5 cm.  The lung volumes continue to be normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pulmonary edema. No pneumonia.  No aspiration. Impression: ', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits and unchanged.  Lungs are clear except for nonspecific patchy and linear opacities at the right lung base, which may be due to atelectasis or developing area of infectious pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  Mild elevation of right hemidiaphragm is unchanged. Impression: ', 'Findings: Tip of nasogastric tube terminates within the stomach.  Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are grossly clear with no areas of consolidation. Impression: ', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  Medi
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. Hila and cardiomediastinal contours and pleural surfaces are normal. Impression: No pneumothorax.  No evidence of traumatic injury within the limits of plain radiography.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate stable cardiomediastinal and hilar contours.  Lungs are clear without a focal consolidation.  There is no evidence of pulmonary edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.']
['Findings: The left pectoral dual-chamber pacemaker and its leads project in unchanged location compared with multiple prior studies.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is new from the immediate prior study.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, including moderate cardiomegaly, is unchanged. Impression: 1. New mild pulmonary vascular congestion. 2. Unchanged appearance of the left pectoral dual-chamber pacemaker and its leads.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change.  Sternal wires in correct position.  Left pectoral pacemaker is stable.  Moderate cardiomegaly persists. No pleural effusions.  No evidence of fibrosis or other parenchymal abnormality.']
['Findings: Low lung volumes accentuate the cardiomediastinal contours and result in crowding broad the bowel is structures at the lung bases.  With this limitation, heart size is normal, and lungs are clear except for minimal linear bibasilar atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Low lung volumes with minimal bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes.  There is no pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.  Bilateral brain stimulator devices are noted which partially obscure underlying lungs.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes appear unremarkable.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable.  Compression deformity of the L1 vertebral body is noted, of uncertain chronicity. Impression: 1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Compression deformity of the L1 vertebral body of indeterminate chronicity.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___.  Moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly is new, but even with low lung volumes, it does not look like there is pulmonary edema.  Lung bases are minimally atelectatic.  Small left pleural effusion is presumed.  No pneumothorax.  Pacer wires extend vertically from pectoral generators through the neck and out of view.']
['Findings:  Impression: AS COMPARED TO THE PREVIOUS RADIOGRAPH FROM EARLIER THE SAME DATE, A SMALL RIGHT APICAL PNEUMOTHORAX IS SIMILAR TO THE PRIOR STUDY. RIGHT LOWER LOBE OPACITY HAS PARTIALLY RESOLVED, AND REMAINDER OF THE LUNGS AND PLEURA ARE UNCHANGED.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous image, there is no substantial change in dimension of the right apical pneumothorax. The patient shows no evidence of tension.  The pre described subtle right lower lung parenchymal opacity has completely resolved, a small atelectasis in the infra hilar right lung regions persists. Unremarkable left lung.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pneumonia or pleural effusions.', 'Findings: to Dr ___ by telephone on ___ at 10:44 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.  The explained that the patient has no findings to suggest continued bleeding in the lung or pneumonia. Impression: The expiration view was obtained on the instructions of the requesting physician.  This may account for the
['Findings: There no focal consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The heart is top-normal in size, and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There no focal consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The heart is top-normal in size, and mediastinal contours are stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Mildly decreased lung volumes are noted. An area of near consolidation is seen only on the lateral projections and without a correlate on the anterior-posterior view. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema identified.  The heart size is at the upper limits of normal, but without evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  Mediastinal contours are normal.  An old, healed left rib fracture is noted. Impression: Possible pneumonia. Follow up radiographs are advised in ___ weeks following the completion of antibiotic therapy to demonstrate resolution. If more certain diagnostic evidence is required, oblique views can be obtained.']
['Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  The cardiac silhouette is mild to moderately enlarged.  Mediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable.  There is a small to moderate right pleural effusion with fluid seen tracking in the minor fissure, and overlying atelectasis.  Right base opacity may be due to combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis, however, consolidation is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.  There is a trace left pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Minimal to no pulmonary edema is seen.  Anchor screws are noted overlying the right humeral Impression: Cardiomegaly.  Small to moderate right pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis.  Possible trace left pleural effusion.  Medial right lower lung opacity may be due to combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis although underlying consolidation is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.', 'Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  Coronary artery bypass graft stent as well as several coronary artery stents are re- demonstrated.Severe cardiomegaly
['Findings: Aside from left lower lobe atelectasis, the lungs are clear. The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax. There is no pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  There is a wedge compression fracture of a lower thoracic vertebra with acute anterior angulation of the spine, likely traumatic in origin. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. 2. Compression fracture of a lower thoracic vertebra with acute anterior angulation of the spinal column, likely posttraumatic and of unknown chronicity.  Correlate clinically.']
['Findings: Upright and lateral views through the chest demonstrate clear lungs bilaterally.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Again demonstrated is a mild tortuosity of the great vessels unchanged since ___ examination.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Compared with the prior radiograph, no change in the support and monitoring devices, including the right IJ central line and endotracheal tube. Left perihilar opacities have decreased. No pneumothorax. Small left pleural effusion is stable. Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged. Impression: 1. Left parahilar opacities have decreased.  2. Small left pleural effusion is stable.', 'Findings:  Impression: New leftward shift of the mediastinum in the absence of right pleural effusion or other displacement in the right hemithorax usually indicates  progressive left lung volume loss, probably lower lobe atelectasis. Pulmonary vascular congestion has also worsened.  Moderate cardiomegaly and mild widening of the mediastinal vasculature are unchanged.   ET tube in standard placement.  Esophageal drainage tube passes into the stomach and out of view.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: The right IJ central venous catheter terminates in the mid SVC. The ET tube terminates in the lower trachea. Left midlung perihilar airspace opacities have slightly
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there has been placement of a dual-channel pacer device with leads in the right atrium and region of the apex of the right ventricle.  Cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal in size, but there is no evidence of vascular congestion or acute focal pneumonia.  No convincing evidence of pneumothorax.  Of incidental note are surgical clips in the lower neck. Impression: ', 'Findings: ICD implant with leads positioned in the right atrium, and right ventricle, and through the left coronary sinus to the left ventricles.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Linear opacities, right greater than left, are most consistent with atelectasis.  No focal opacifications identified.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax present. Impression: Satisfactory position of biventricular ICD implant.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate left lung base opacity, which is mostly of a linear configuration which suggests atelectasis, though the possibility of an early pneumonia is impossible to exclude.  Right mid lung plate-like atelectasis
['Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  There are no pleural effusions.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  No evidence of pneumonia. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  A vascular graft is noted in the area of the left subclavian vessels. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  A minimal linear density in the left lower lung is likely plate-like atelectasis.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated.  No lobar consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  No pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  There is subtle opacity at the left costophrenic angle with opacity also projecting in the posterior costophrenic sulcus on the lateral view.  Elsewhere, the lungs are clear.  Note is made of a fat pad at the right cardiophrenic angle similar to prior CT scan.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: Focal opacity at the left lung base, potentially infection in the proper clinical setting.']
['Findings:  Impression: COMPARED TO PRIOR CHEST RADIOGRAPHS SINCE ___, MOST RECENTLY ___.  BILATERAL PIGTAIL DRAINAGE CATHETER STILL IN PLACE IN BOTH LOWER HEMI THORACES.  NO PNEUMOTHORAX.  AT LEAST SMALL BILATERAL PLEURAL EFFUSIONS REMAIN.  HEART SIZE NORMAL.  UPPER LUNGS CLEAR.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Since ___ small to moderate left pleural effusion has decreased substantially with insertion of the basal pigtail drainage catheter.  No pneumothorax.  Moderate right pleural effusion is unchanged.  Opacification at the lung bases could be due to atelectasis alone.  Upper lungs are clear.  Cardiac silhouette is partially obscured but not greatly enlarged.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to the examination from roughly 3 hours prior, there has been interval placement of a left base pigtail catheter and there has been mild improvement of a large left
['Findings:  Impression: Stent in the right main bronchus is noted.  There is a questionable tiny right apical pneumothorax.  Elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is unchanged.  Left perihilar opacities have increase could be atelectasis or aspiration.  Right mid hemi thorax large opacity is unchanged due to known large rib metastasis.  Cardiac size cannot be evaluated.  Left pleural effusion has decreased.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, there has been placement of a left mainstem bronchus shunt with substantial Re aeration of the left hemithorax.  Persistent opacification at the left base most likely represents atelectasis.  In the appropriate clinical setting, superimposed pneumonia would be difficult to exclude. There are mild atelectatic changes at the right base.  The pulmonary vessels are indistinct and mildly engorged, consistent with some elevation of pulmonary venous pressure.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___ most recently ___ any there.  No evidence of pneumonia or cardiac decompensation.  Lung volumes have improved, but
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate a left chest wall port with catheter terminating in the mid SVC.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Otherwise, the lungs are clear.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. Mild left basilar atelectasis is seen. No pleural effusions are detected. Impression: Interval left chest port placement with catheter terminating in the mid SVC.  Dr. ___ was paged with these findings at 9:30, on the day of the examination.', 'Findings: Heart is mildly enlarged.  There is a left IJ line with tip in the mid SVC.  The NG tube tip is in the stomach.  The heart is upper limits normal in size.  There is minimal pulmonary vascular redistribution.  There is no focal infiltrate or effusion.  There is some platelike atelectasis in the right mid lung and patchy area of atelectasis in the left lower lobe there is a 1 cm dense left lower lobe nodule, slightly larger than that seen from the chest CT from ___ Impression: NG tube in stomach.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with study ___ ___, there
['Findings: Mild pulmonary edema and moderate to severe cardiomegaly is unchanged since ___.  A left pectoral pacemaker is again seen with a transvenous lead in the right ventricle.  Bilateral small pleural effusions are tiny, if any.  No pneumothorax.  Median sternotomy wires are intact and well aligned. Impression: 1. Unchanged appearance of mild pulmonary edema and moderate to severe cardiomegaly since ___.  No pneumothorax']
['Findings: the right hemidiaphragm is mildly elevated.  There is volume loss at both bases.  Heart size is normal.  The aorta is slightly calcified.  There is mild pulmonary vascular redistribution.  Old rib fractures are noted on the right.  There is hazy increased opacity in the right lung which could be due to volume loss or infiltrate.  Is increased opacity at the left CP angle could represent metastatic disease or small infiltrate or effusion.  The known metastatic disease with multiple lung nodules are better visualized on the prior CT. Impression: ? infiltrate vs. atelectasis right mid lung.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.    The aorta is tortuous. A large hiatal hernia is noted. Impression: 1. No evidence of hilar or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. 2. Large hiatal hernia.']
['Findings: Compared with prior radiographs on ___, there is no break or change in alignment of median sternotomy wires.  There has been interval removal of right IJ catheter.  A moderate left pleural effusion is similar to prior.  There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax. Normal postoperative appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. Impression: No break or displacement of median sternotomy wires.  Moderate left pleural effusion, similar to prior.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, there is little change.  Monitoring and support devices remain in place.  No evidence of significant pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the endotracheal tube and nasogastric tube have been removed.  There are lower lung volumes with continued opacification at the left base consistent with fluid in the pleural space and volume loss in the left lower lobe.  Otherwise little change.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the left chest tube has been removed.  There is a small apical pneumothorax. 
['Findings: The lungs are clear of airspace or interstitial opacity.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  No acute or aggressive osseus changes. Impression: No acutepulmonary disease.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study ___ ___, there is again substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with continued elevation of pulmonary venous pressure.  Retrocardiac and right basilar opacification again could represent a combination of pleural fluid atelectasis.  However, in the appropriate clinical setting, either these could reflect aspiration pneumonia as suggested in the clinical history.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study ___ ___, there is again enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with elevated pulmonary venous pressure. Poor definition of the left hemidiaphragm again is consistent with small pleural effusion and compressive atelectasis. In the appropriate clinical setting, the basilar opacifications could be a manifestation of aspiration.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to previous radiograph from several hr earlier, the patient has been intubated and a nasogastric tube is been placed, both in standard position.  Cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion persist.  Bibasilar opacities have slightly worsened, right greater than left, and may be due to aspiration or evolving aspiration pneumonia.  No other relevant changes.', 'Findings:  Impression
['Findings: Heart size is top normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax is present. There are anterior flowing osteophytes within the thoracic spine compatible with diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Normal chest radiographic examination.']
['Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  There are mild degenerative changes noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lateral view is limited due to patient arm position over the chest. Lung volumes are low though allowing for this the lungs appear clear. No definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Heart size is difficult to assess due appears grossly stable. Mediastinal prominence likely due to unfolded thoracic aorta, intervally progressed. No acute bony abnormalities. Impression: Unfolded thoracic aorta likely accounts for interval development of mediastinal prominence. Low lung volumes without definite sign of acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Mild bibasilar atelectasis is seen.  There is no definite focal consolidation. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Right hemidiaphragm continues to be substantially elevated with a adjacent atelectasis.  Heart size and mediastinum are stable in appearance.  Within the limitations of the study technique no pulmonary nodules or masses demonstrated.  Old rib fracture on the right is unchanged.  No pneumothorax or pleural fluid noted.', 'Findings: There is stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with associated atelectasis.  Stable cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours.  Within the limitation of the study technique, no pulmonary nodules or masses.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Unchanged laminectomy and fusion in the lower cervical spine. Impression: Stable appearance the chest with no evidence of intrathoracic malignancy within the limits of plain radiography.']
['Findings: There is moderate cardiomegaly.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion, otherwise, the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  No focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia are identified.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: New left opacity is likely a pneumonia. Previously seen right lower lobe opacity has resolved.  Lungs hyperinflated.  Cardiomediastinal contours are unremarkable.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.Chronic right sided rib fracture. Impression: New left pneumonia.', 'Findings: Compared to prior, there is no significant change.  The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded with mildly flattened diaphragm, suggestive of chronic pulmonary disease.  Otherwise, the lungs are clear.  The heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  No pleural abnormality seen.  Mildly distended loops of bowel is seen under the left hemidiaphragm. Impression: No pneumonia.', 'Findings: were posted by Dr. ___ on ___ at 12:40 to the Department of Radiology online critical communications system for direct communication to the referring provider. Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Since ___, large regions of heterogeneous opacification have cleared from the lingula and lower lobe.  However there is a suggestion of a new smaller region of similar abnormality in the anterior
['Findings: There is a left-sided AICD with single lead following suspected course to the right ventricle.  There is no pneumothorax or mediastinal widening.  There is no focal consolidation or pleural effusion.  Punctate radioopacities in the right lower lobe may represent old aspiration of barium. Moderate cardiomegaly is likely chronic. Impression: 1. Left-sided AICD with single lead following suspected course of the right ventricle.  No pneumothorax or mediastinal widening. 2. Punctate radiopacity is in the right lower lobe likely represents prior aspiration of barium. 3. Moderate cardiomegaly, likely chronic.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pleural effusion.  In both upper lobes, right more than left, there are subtle but relatively diffuse parenchymal opacities that could suggest past or recent infection.  The opacities are predominantly nodular in appearance, with some linear components.  Comparison with potential previous radiographs would be helpful for further assessment.  If active infection is suspected, the patient should probably undergo CT for a better evaluation of the lung apices.  No pleural effusions.  No cardiomegaly, no pulmonary edema. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained demonstrating low lung volumes which limit evaluation.  There is mild left retrocardiac linear density which is likely atelectasis.  No definite signs of pneumonia or CHF.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Overall, heart size appears within normal limits.  The mediastinal contour is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No definite signs of free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Limited, negative.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  No subdiaphragmatic free air is present. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures appear within normal limits.  There has been no significant change. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings:  Impression: Mildly tortuous aorta. Otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  No focal consolidation, effusion, edema, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged and normal.  No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: No focal pneumonia.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Left chest wall triple lead pacing device is seen with lead tips in the right atrium, right ventricle, and coronary sinus.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change in the appearance of the ICD and its leads.  Again, there is no evidence of pneumothorax, pneumonia, or vascular congestion. Impression: ', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged, with the heart size mildly enlarged.  Lungs are clear.  No pulmonary vascular congestion is present.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Mild cardiomegaly, no radiographic evidence for lymphadenopathy.  No acute lung parenchymal process.  No pleural effusions. Impression: ']
['Findings: There is streaky density in the upper lobes most consistent with parenchymal scarring, more pronounced on the right.  Ill-defined increased density in the lung bases that probably represents a chronic interstitial changes and subsegmental atelectasis or scarring.  There is no definite focal consolidation.  The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG as before.  A PICC is been withdrawn. Impression: No definite evidence of active pulmonary disease.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low which leads to bronchovascular crowding.  There is moderate pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  There is a moderate left pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax is identified.  Median sternotomy wires and surgical clips are unchanged.  No definite rib fracture is identified. Impression: Low lung volumes.  Moderate pulmonary edema and left pleural effusion.  No definite rib fractures or pneumothorax seen.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Dedicated rib series may be performed if clinically indicated.', 'Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  Right upper
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.   Streaky bandlike lower lung opacities most compatible with atelectasis.  No convincing evidence for pneumonia, edema, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Lower lung atelectasis.  Otherwise unremarkable.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Tip of left PICC is in the junction of the left subclavian and left brachiocephalic vein at the medial aspect of the left clavicle.  Exam is otherwise remarkable for an approximately 2 cm diameter poorly defined nodular opacity at the level of the third anterior right rib.  Two adjacent poorly defined nodular opacities are present just above and below this level as well. Lungs otherwise appear clear.  Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Impression: 2 cm poorly defined nodular opacity in the right upper lobe with two adjacent smaller poorly defined opacities.  Although difficult to definitively localize within the lungs on a single view, this finding raises the concern for either a primary lung malignancy or unusual infection such as fungal organisms or septic emboli.    As discussed by telephone with
['Findings:  Impression: Linear opacities at the lung bases most likely reflective of subsegmental atelectasis.', 'Findings: The heart size is within normal limits.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  On the lateral view diagonally oriented opacity along the fissure likely represents an area of plate-like atelectasis.  Additionally, there is a hazy opacity present in the right peripheral midlung. The lungs are otherwise clear without lobar consolidation.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Basilar atelectasis as described above; right midlung opacity better characterized on chest CTA performed on the same day.']
['Findings: The ET tube lies in unchanged position. NG tube courses throughout the mediastinum. Mild gastric distention is seen.  There is cardiomegaly. There is multifocal opacification throughout the lung parenchyma, worsening disease in the right lower lung zone. There is some persistent prominence in the left costophrenic sulcus seen but no through pneumothorax suspected. Nondisplaced lower rib fractures are suspected Impression: Worsening opacification particular right lower lobe. Pulmonary edema and pneumonia might cause this appearance.  Some rib fractures on the left side in particular are suspected.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low. There is mild pulmonary edema. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is mildly enlarged, which likely reflects AP position and low lung volumes. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The stomach is air-filled and distended. Degenerative changes are noted of the right acromioclavicular joint. Impression: Low lung volumes. Mild pulmonary edema.  NOTIFICATION:  Findings discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ ___ the telephone on ___ at 16:00, 2 hr after they were
['Findings:  Impression: There is improved aeration. There remains a left retrocardiac opacity and left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. The left-sided AICD and left IJ central line are unchanged position. No pulmonary edema is seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no change in position of the intra-aortic balloon pump. The tip continues to project approximately 8 cm be low the upper most portion of the aortic arch. Unchanged monitoring and support devices.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly and mild fluid overload.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right venous introduction sheet has been removed.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  Left pectoral pacemaker in situ.  No overt pulmonary edema. Small left pleural effusion.  No pneumonia.', 'Findings: New perihilar and right basilar ill-defined alveolar opacities with vascular indistinctness is compatible with interval development of moderate pulmonary edema.  Bibasilar focal opacities also raise concern
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  Lungs are clear and well inflated.  No focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax seen.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No bony abnormalities and no fractures are seen. Impression: No acute injury.']
['Findings: The visualized lung fields are clear of any focal opacities, pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Lung markings in the retrocardiac space are likely atelectasis within the left lower lobe.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of chest were obtained demonstrating clear well expanded lungs without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart size and mediastinal contour appear normal.  Bony structures are intact.  There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size, and the mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: Normal chest radiographs.  NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed with ___ of Dr. ___ office by ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 10:15 AM, 5 minutes after wet read request.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without focal opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  There is no free air beneath the hemidiaphragms.  The bones appear normal. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal without pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No radiopaque foreign body is identified. Impression: No radiopaque foreign body is detectedin the thorax.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to prior radiograph of 1 day earlier, there has not been a substantial change in the appearance of the chest.  Cardiomediastinal contours are normal and lungs and pleural surfaces are clear on this single portable projection.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The aorta is quite tortuous ; mild aortic arch dilatation is difficult to exclude.  No pulmonary edema is seen.  Single lead right-sided pacer device, lead terminates in the expected location of the right ventricle. Impression: Clear lungs.  Quite tortuous aorta, mild aortic arch dilatation is difficult to exclude.  No priors for comparison to confirm stability.  Findings could be further assessed on non emergent chest CT.']
['Findings: Heart size is slightly enlarged.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs are well expanded with increasing ground glass hazy density in the left mid lung zone, sequela of treated breast cancer, as characterized on the prior chest CT from ___.  There is no new focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. Impression: Increased haziness of the left mid lung zone. Given history of malignancy and radiation treatment to the area, correlation with non-urgent chest CT is recommended.   Dr. ___ ___ the ___ ___ nurses of this recommendation via email on ___ at 8:37 PM.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  The left hemidiaphragm is elevated as before.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Mild rightward convex curvature is centered along the lower thoracic spine.  Bony structures are otherwise unremarkable aside from slight degenerative changes along the lower thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest imaging:  Lungs are fully expanded and essentially clear.  Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces.  Right upper quadrant drainage catheter noted, but cannot be localized.']
['Findings: at 8:15 pm on ___ via telephone. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Mild cardiomegaly is worsened.  Upper lobe vascular engorgement has improved, but there is new perihilar consolidation in the right mid and lower lung zones, raising possibility of recent aspiration.  Subsequent chest radiographs, however, showed worsening pulmonary edema.  ET tube in standard placement.  Right jugular line ends in the upper right atrium, and nasogastric tube is looped in the stomach.  No pneumothorax.  Pleural effusion is small, if any.']
['Findings: Mild cardiomegaly is noted again without signs of pulmonary edema. Visualized lung fields are clear without any focal opacities, pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Right-sided PICC line and a NG tube is appearing good position. Poor inspiratory effort.  Allowing for this, the lungs are grossly clear.  No significant interval change from prior study Impression: No acute findings', 'Findings: AP portable semi upright view of the chest.   There has been interval placement of a right IJ central venous catheter with its tip projecting over the low SVC. There is no pneumothorax. Otherwise no change from prior. Free air persists below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Right IJ central venous catheter tip in the low SVC.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has received the new nasogastric tube.  The course of the tube is unremarkable, the tip is not included on the image but the side-hole projects approximately
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  This accentuates the size of the cardiac silhouette which is likely mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect atelectasis.  Infection cannot be completely excluded.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Low lung volumes with probable bibasilar atelectasis though infection is not completely excluded.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1. No definite rib fractures are noted although if this continues to be a clinical concern then a dedicated rib series with markers at the site of pain may be obtained.  2. Ill defined, mild interstitial opacities in both lung bases could represent chronic interstitial change, or possibly aspiration or infection. Clinical correlation is recommended and a non-urgent chest CT can be obtained for further evaluation.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Hilar configuration unchanged.  Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, a minimal opacity at the right lung base has resolved.  There is no larger pleural effusion.  Moderate cardiomegaly with enlargement of the left atrium but no evidence of pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax.  Intestinal distension is unchanged. Impression: ', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities are identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: On this post-surgical film, a small right pleural effusion is noted.  In addition, there
['Findings:  Impression: The lungs are clear.  Is linear atelectasis or scarring in the right lung base There is no pneumothorax, effusion, dense consolidation or CHF. There is a moderate hiatal hernia which is unchanged.  Aortic calcifications are present.  Degenerative changes are present in the spine.', 'Findings: Compared to prior, there is significant improved appearance of the bilateral apices with no residual pulmonary edema.  However, moderate right worse than left bilateral pleural effusions, and moderate bibasilar atelectasis remain.  A moderate hiatal hernia is stable.  The heart size is difficult to evaluate.  The vascular pedicle is not enlarged.  Right PICC is unchanged in position.  Vertebral compression deformity and free joint body are unchanged.  Right clavicular fracture is of unknown chronicity. Impression: 1. Interval resolution of pulmonary edema. 2. Moderate bilateral pleural effusions, right worse than left.', 'Findings:  Impression: Right PICC line tip is at the level of lower SVC.  Patient substantially rotated.  Within those limitations there is interval
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance compared to the previous radiograph.  Prominence of the pulmonary hila is similar to previous radiograph and may represent enlarged pulmonary arteries based on appearance on prior CT chest of ___.  Lung volumes are increased in keeping with known emphysema.  Linear areas of atelectasis or scar are present in the left mid and both lower lungs, but there are no focal areas of consolidation to suggest the presence of pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal. Prominent right hilus is unchanged, most likely representing dilated pulmonary artery and and or calcified lymph nodes, seen back on ___ radiograph.  Left basal opacity is unchanged and most likely represent atelectasis although infection cannot be entirely excluded. No additional areas worrisome for infectious process demonstrated. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen. Right middle lobe atelectasis is unchanged dating back to ___. If clinically warranted, correlation with chest CT might be considered.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. The pre-existing pleural effusion on the right is constant in appearance. Subsequent
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is top-normal. Mediastinum is stable. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema but bronchial wall thickening is demonstrated, more pronounced than on the prior study potentially representing interstitial overload. Vascular stent in the right extreme ET is demonstrated. It appears to be extended and lines compared to previous examination. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: Cardiomegaly is moderate, unchanged.  Prominence of the left ventricle might be consistent with hypertension or aortic stenosis.  Lungs overall clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax demonstrated.  Vascular stent is projecting most likely over the right upper extremity vein.']
['Findings: There relatively low lung volumes.The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.']
["Findings: Heart is upper limits of normal in size, and pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal in appearance on the frontal view, but note is made of increased opacity in the infrahilar area on the lateral view.  Lungs are otherwise clear, and there are no pleural effusions or acute skeletal findings. Impression: Nonspecific opacity in infrahilar region on lateral view, possibly due to confluence of pulmonary veins accentuated by slight obliquity of the patient on this lateral radiograph.    Recommend initial further evaluation with a repeat lateral view.  If this finding persists despite repeating the radiograph, then further evaluation with CT would be warranted.    This finding has been entered into the radiology communications' dashboard on ___.", 'Findings: Heart size is top normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormalities present. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: Normal chest radiographs.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There are relatively low lung volumes.  Slight blunting of the right costophrenic angle is stable on the frontal view without evidence of pleural effusion on the lateral view.  There is anterior wedging of a vertebral body at the thoracolumbar junction, stable since the prior study.  Partially imaged metallic surgical hardware is seen in the lower cervical spine. Impression: Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary process.  No significant interval change.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  Heart size is accentuated, but likely within normal limits.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Atelectatic changes are noted within the left lung base.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is clearly noted.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion.  Partially imaged is cervical spinal fusion hardware. Impression: Left basilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there again are low lung volumes.  No evidence of acute focal pneumonia or vascular congestion.  The questioned left basilar rounded opacity is not seen on this study as no lateral view is presented. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the Dobbhoff tube was then pulled back so that the opaque tip extends to the distal esophagus.  Otherwise, little overall change. This information has been conveyed to Dr. ___.', 'Findings:  Impression: IN COMPARISON WITH THE EARLIER STUDY OF THIS DAY, THE DOBBHOFF TUBE HAS BEEN REPOSITIONED SO THAT THE TIP IS IN THE MID TO LOW BODY OF THE STOMACH. OTHERWISE NO CHANGE.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the Dobbhoff tube has been pulled back with the tip in the mid to lower portion of the esophagus. Subsequent study shows the tip properly positioned. Little change in the appearance of the heart and lungs.', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.  The lung volumes are very
['Findings: Lung volumes remain low with bronchovascular congestion.  No focal consolidation, effusion, edema, or pneumothorax.  Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged.  Tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta is also unchanged.  Appearance of the mediastinum is unchanged.  Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm is unchanged.  Mild degenerate changes in the thoracic spine. Impression: 1.  Low lung volumes with bronchovascular congestion.  No focal pneumonia.  2.  Persistent moderate cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: Mild to moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette persists. Aorta remains mildly tortuous. Mediastinal and hilar contours are similar, with mediastinal vascular engorgement re- demonstrated. There is mild upper zone vascular redistribution and enlargement of the pulmonary arteries, not substantially changed in the interval, without overt pulmonary edema. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated. Minimal streaky atelectasis is noted in the lung bases. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No substantial interval change with chronic mild pulmonary
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is detected.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  Left minimally displaced 9th rib fracture and right non-displaced 8th rib fracture are again noted. Impression: No radiographic evidence for pneumothorax.']
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear of focal consolidation.  Opacity at the left lung base most suggestive of atelectasis or scar.  There is no effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable.  No free air is seen below the diaphragm. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is minimal opacification at the left base, most likely reflecting scarring or small region of atelectasis.  No vascular congestion or acute focal pneumonia. Impression: ']
['Findings: Comparison is made to previous study from ___.  There is a single-lead left-sided pacemaker which is intact.  The heart size is within normal limits.  There are numerous rib fractures on the left side, which are partially healed.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces.  Old healed right mid clavicular shaft fracture is also seen. Impression: ', 'Findings: Single AP upright portable view of the chest was obtained.  There are numerous old left-sided rib fractures/old rib deformities again seen.  There is blunting of the left costophrenic angle suggesting a small left pleural effusion.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  There is also old right clavicular fracture.  A left retrocardiac opacity may relate to atelectasis, although underlying consolidation is not excluded. Impression: 1.  Blunting of the left costophrenic angle suggests a small left pleural effusion.  Underlying patchy left retrocardiac opacity may relate to atelectasis, although underlying consolidation is not excluded. 2.  Old left-sided rib fractures and right clavicle fracture
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  No acutely displaced fractures are identified.  If there is continued concern for rib fracture, consider a dedicated rib series.']
['Findings: potentially can represent infectious process is substantial less-likely and correlation with dedicated chest CT is highly recommended. Impression: Heart size is top-normal, stable. Mediastinum is stable in appearance. Since the prior study there has been interval development of bilateral interstitial opacities, with peripheral predominance and apical basal gradient, with potential presence of honeycombing, highly concerning for interval development of interstitial lung disease. The lung volumes are preserved. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No definitive mediastinal lymphadenopathy is present.  The patient is after abdominal surgery.  Although the findings potentially can represent infectious process is substantial less-likely and correlation with dedicated chest CT is highly recommended.']
['Findings: There is mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. The lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Clear lungs.']
['Findings: There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal size. Impression: No radiographic evidence pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyper expanded. Biapical scarring is noted.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No displaced fractures are identified.  The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: 1. No evidence of displaced fractures based on tjis nondedicated exam.  2. No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate top normal heart size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear.  No pneumothorax, vascular congestion or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: suggesting reactivation tuberculosis.  Hyperinflation and flattening of the diaphragm contours indicate emphysema or small airway obstruction.  Heart is normal size.  Hilar and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Impression: PA and lateral chest radiograph reviewed in the absence of prior chest radiographs:  Solitary calcified granuloma is present at the right lung apex.  There is minimal scarring in the lingula, but no findings suggesting reactivation tuberculosis.  Hyperinflation and flattening of the diaphragm contours indicate emphysema or small airway obstruction.  Heart is normal size.  Hilar and mediastinal contours are unremarkable.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable given low lung volumes.  There is bibasilar linear atelectasis.  An unchanged calcified granuloma is seen at the right apex. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is patchy left infrahilar opacity with peribronchial cuffing.  Potentially, this may be at baseline but prior radiographs are not available for comparison.  The possibility of lower airway infection or even early or mild bronchopneumonia should be considered.  Slight scarring is present at each lung apex.  The osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: Vague left infrahilar density, possibly associated with lower airway inflammation or infection, or potentially early or mild bronchopneumonia, but not of definite significance.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Hilar contours are stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Compared to chest radiographs from ___, left lower lobe pneumonia has improved.  Small bilateral pleural effusions have improved.  Lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms, consistent with emphysema.  Left pectoral AICD with single lead following its expected course to the right ventricle. Impression: 1. Improving left lower lobe pneumonia.  Recommend follow-up chest radiographs in 6 weeks to ensure resolution. 2. Persistent trace bilateral pleural effusions. 3. Hyperinflated lungs flattening of bilateral hemidiaphragms, suggestive of emphysema.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Follow-up chest radiographs in 6 weeks to ensure resolution of left lower lobe pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:  The impression and recommendation above was entered by Dr. ___ on ___ at 17:00 into the Department of Radiology critical communications system for direct communication to the referring provider.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Left subclavian transvenous pacer defibrillator lead follows the expected course from the left axillary pacemaker to the floor of
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  Severe pulmonary fibrosis stable when compared to ___ study.  No focal consolidations, pleural effusions, or pneumothorax are seen. Impression: Stable severe pulmonary fibrosis and no evidence pneumonia', 'Findings:  Impression: .  Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Severe pulmonary fibrosis, progressed since ___, stable since ___. No evidence of active pneumonia or pulmonary edema.  Heart size normal.  No pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Lung volumes remain low with chronic interstitial opacities again noted along the periphery and lung bases with associated honeycombing and fibrosis. Patchy retrocardiac opacity likely reflects atelectasis, however it is hard to exclude slight worsening of interstitial lung disease compared to the previous radiograph. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are similar with the heart size appearing mildly enlarged.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is clearly demonstrated.  No acute osseous abnormalities seen. Impression: Chronic interstitial lung disease most likely reflective of usual interstitial pneumonia, better characterized on prior chest
['Findings: Multiple areas of subsegmental atelectasis are noted without focal consolidation.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary vascular congestion.  7 intact median sternotomy wires are unchanged.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, including a tortuous descending aorta and mild cardiomegaly are stable. Impression: Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis without focal consolidation or pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices have been removed.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  Streak of atelectasis is seen at the left base.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study ___, there is again enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with elevated pulmonary venous pressure.  Bibasilar opacifications are again consistent with layering effusions and atelectatic changes in the lower lungs. In the appropriate clinical setting, it would be difficult to exclude superimposed pneumonia, especially in the retrocardiac region.', 'Findings:  Impression: Cardiomegaly is moderate, pulmonary vasculature engorged, and pulmonary edema minimal.  The small pleural effusions seen on the recent abdomen CT are not apparent.  There is no focal pulmonary abnormality.']
["Findings: Bilateral lower lobe consolidations seen on recent CT were probably related to lung collapse.  This has significantly improved on today's chest x-ray.  ET tube ends 3.7 cm above the carina.  NG tube is in stomach.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  CONCLUSION:  Bibasilar consolidation has significantly improved since CT torso.  These consolidations on the CT look like lobar collapse. Impression: "]
['Findings:  Impression: Right pleural drainage tube still in place.  Moderate right pleural effusion persists, with both anterior and posterior components that may be isolated from the drainage tube.  Rightward mediastinal shift indicates considerable atelectasis in the right lung.  Left lung well expanded and clear.  Tiny left pleural effusion is probably not clinically significant.  Cardiac silhouette is partially obscured in the right hemi thorax, not grossly enlarged.  Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable.', 'Findings: Right basilar opacity, in part a moderate pleural effusion is similar in comparison to ___, with loculated pleural fluid.  Retrocardiac opacity is most consistent with atelectasis.  There is no pneumothorax.  There is no overt pulmonary edema. Impression: Unchanged moderate right pleural effusion with associated compressive atelectasis.  No overt pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: There is hyperinflation of the lungs with irregularity of the peripheral pulmonary vasculature in keeping with emphysema.  There are no new focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to pre-operative study on ___:  ET tube is in standard placement, upper enteric drainage tube passes below the diaphragm and out of view.  A thoracic epidural catheter in place, but the tip is not reliably located on the single frontal view.  No pneumothorax.  Atelectasis is mild to moderate at both lung bases.  Upper lungs clear.  No pneumothorax or mediastinal widening.  Heart size normal.  Right PIC line ends low in the SVC.', 'Findings: The cardiac silhouette size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  Blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus posteriorly may suggest a trace left pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified.  Mild loss of height of a mid thoracic vertebral body is re- demonstrated as is diffuse osteopenia. Impression: Small left pleural effusion posteriorly.  No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  No radiopaque foreign body within the imaged field.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: AP view of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  No fracture is identified. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.  No fracture however a solitary chest radiograph is not designed to evaluate for fracture.  Dedicated views based on physical exam findings can be done.']
['Findings: There is prominence of the pulmonary vasculature with mild cephalization.  Additionally, there are bilateral increased interstitial markings.  These findings are suggestive of mild pulmonary edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute fractures are identified. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: Portable supine frontal view of the chest.  There are median sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips from prior CABG.  A small left pleural effusion appears decreased since ___.  There is no pneumothorax.  There is bibasilar opacities most likely representing atelectasis; however, no areas of consolidation or pulmonary edema are seen.  The heart size is enlarged but stable.  The previously seen left apical pneumothorax has resolved. Impression: Stable cardiomegaly and decreased small left pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: No displaced rib fracture identified, however, if there is continued clinical concern, a dedicated rib series could be obtained.  Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with study of ___, there is little change in the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pacer leads.  Continued elevation of the right hemidiaphragmatic contour.  Opacification medially above the elevated hemidiaphragm most likely represents atelectatic changes.  No definite acute focal pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no focal lung consolidation. Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: Moderate to severe cardiomegaly is similar to the prior examination.  Hilar contours are unremarkable with mild prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature though there is no frank interstitial edema. Lungs are clear. The pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax.  Median sternotomy wires are intact.  Surgical clips are noted along the upper left mediastinum from prior left hemithyroidectomy. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The patient is status post sternotomy.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Single frontal view of the chest was obtained.  Lung volumes are low, exaggerating mild cardiomegaly.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Osseous structures are unremarkable.  No radiopaque foreign body. Impression: Low lung volumes, exaggerating mild cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low. There is a focal right infrahilar basilar opacity which was not seen on the previous exam, which could either be an early pneumonia or superimposed vessel.  The remaining of the lungs is unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Mediastinal and cardiac contours are normal.  FINDINGS:  Small right basal opacity, which could reflect early pneumonia, superimposition of normal structures, and less likely a lung nodule. Short term follow up chest radiograph with improved inspiratory level is recommended to ensure resolution.   This was discussed directly over telephone with Dr. ___. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Heart size is top-normal. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinal contour is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and well-aerated lungs without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the recent middle lobe pneumonia has completely resolved. There is no remnant opacity on both the frontal and the lateral radiograph.  No interval recurrence of new opacities.  No complications, no pleural effusions.  Normal appearance of the cardiac silhouette. Mild elongation of the descending aorta.', 'Findings: Right lower lobe opacities abutting the right heart border are concerning for pneumonia.  Some cephalization of vessels on the right may indicate some fluid overload as well. The heart size is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Right middle lobe pneumonia. Recommend followup chest x-ray in ___ weeks after treatment to assure resolution']
["Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding similar study of ___.  The heart size is normal.  Thoracic aorta of ordinary dimension with some calcium deposits in the wall at the level of the arch.  No local contour abnormalities are identified.  Moderate elevation of the right-sided hemidiaphragm, similar as it existed on previous portable examination of ___.  No new pulmonary parenchymal abnormalities are seen.  Deformities of the axillary portions of third, fourth, and fifth rib on the right side are again noted, consistent with the previously described rib fractures.  Small local surrounding pleural thickenings are noted, but no remaining pneumothorax can be identified.  The lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free, thus no evidence of pleural effusion.  When comparison is made with more remote chest examinations such as a PA and lateral chest examination ___ ___, a moderate elevation of the right-sided hemidiaphragm existed already at that time.  Thus, the high-positioned diaphragm is not related to the patient's recent trauma that caused the rib fractures
['Findings: Aeration of the right middle lobe is improved since ___.  Right middle and lower lobe opacities persist consistent diagnosis of pneumonia.  Small right greater than left pleural effusions are stable from ___.  No pneumothorax. Impression: 1. No pneumothorax. 2. Improved aeration of the right middle lobe. 3. Persistent right middle and lower lobe opacities consistent with pneumonia.', 'Findings: Cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are stable. There is slight prominence and indistinctness of the hila suggesting pulmonary vascular engorgement without overt pulmonary edema. Evidence of a left-sided Bochdalek hernia is again seen. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: Central pulmonary vascular engorgement without overt pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or focal consolidation.', "Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated and grossly clear.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, overt pulmonary edema, or focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  A Bochdalek's hernias again noted on the left.  The
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  Minimal prominence of the interstitial markings is stable and could be due to minimal pulmonary vascular congestion or chronic disease.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There may be mild left base atelectasis.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable without widening of the mediastinum.  The aorta is slightly tortuous, and there is slight prominence of the ascending aorta which is stable since at least ___.  No displaced fracture seen. Impression: ']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low oxygen accentuating the heart size as well as result in crowding of the bronchopulmonary vasculature.  Heart size is normal with unchanged post-surgical mediastinal contour.  Hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: A single lead pacemaker terminates in the right ventricle.  The heart is mildly enlarged with a left ventricular configuration.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: Mild to moderate cardiomegaly is stable. Pacer lead is in standard position with tip in the right ventricle. . The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The osseous structures are unremarkable Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have increased, likely reflecting improved ventilation.  No evidence of pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  No larger pleural effusions. Moderate cardiomegaly persists. Unchanged position of the pacemaker.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study ___ ___, there has been placement of a single-lead pacer device with extends to the region of the apex
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
["Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in semi-upright position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding similar study obtained five hours earlier during the same day.  A right-sided pigtail and drainage tube has been placed through the right lower lateral chest wall and terminates in right-sided supradiaphragmatic position.  Observe that the line appears kinked a few centimeters proximal to the pigtail end.  This finding could indicate obstruction of the line.  Comparison with the next previous study, the absence of any drainage line, the at that time existing massive right-sided pleural effusion has cleared up almost completely.  Evidence of left-sided pleural effusion has increased in comparison with the next previous study. Quantitation of fluid, however, appears uncertain as more or less increased patient's tilt vary position of fluid.  The patient remains intubated, the ETT terminating in the trachea 3 cm above the level of the carina.  No pneumothorax is seen.  The position of the left-sided internal jugular approach central venous line is unchanged and terminates in the mid portion of the SVC at the level of the carina.
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Minimal atelectasis in the lung bases in the setting of low lung volumes.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  There is moderate unfolding of the thoracic aorta.  Otherwise, the mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: Moderate unfolding of the thoracic aorta.  No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  The aorta is tortuous. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There are  degenerative changes in the thoracic spine Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is tortuosity of the descending aorta.  No acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.']
['Findings: There is a new opacity of the left lung base which may represent a combination of small pleural effusion and atelectasis however, an underlying infectious process cannot be excluded.  Evaluation of the cardiac silhouette is limited.  Mediastinal contours are stable.  There is tortuosity of the descending aorta. Flattening of the diaphragms is consistent with chronic obstructive lung disease.  The right lung is essentially clear.  There is no pneumothorax.  There is redemonstration of a compression deformity in the lower thoracic spine. Impression: Increased left lung base opacity, may represent a combination of a small left pleural effusion and atelectasis.  However, an underlying infectious process cannot be excluded.']
['Findings: Low lung volumes and mild bibasilar atelectasis but no evidence acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Impression: ', 'Findings: Comparison is made to prior radiograph from ___.  There is a nasogastric tube whose tip and side port are below the GE junction. The heart size demonstrates left ventricular prominence.  There are low lung volumes.  There is no focal consolidation or pulmonary edema. Impression: ', 'Findings: A new Dobbhoff tube is present, with the tip in the stomach. Otherwise, there is little change since the prior exam. There is a stable moderate left pleural effusion and left basilar atelectasis. Mild pulmonary edema is unchanged.  There is no new opacity. No pneumothorax is identified. The mediastinal contours are normal. The heart is mildly enlarged. Impression: Dobbhoff tube with the tip in the stomach.  Otherwise no change.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates clear lungs bilaterally. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits and stable when compared to prior study dated ___.  There is no evidence of pulmonary edema.  There is no
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Degenerative changes are seen throughout the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   A prominent fat pad likely accounts for the opacity at the right medial lung base. Lungs appear clear without focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable.  A lower thoracic spine compression deformity is noted as was seen on prior CT. Impression: No acute findings. Lower thoracic compression deformity.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there has been placement of a nasogastric tube that extends to the antrum of the stomach.  Other monitoring and support devices are stable.  There is hazy opacification at the bases with poor definition of the hemidiaphragms, consistent with layering effusions and underlying basilar atelectatic changes.  Mild elevation of pulmonary venous pressure.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is top-normal, stable.  Mediastinum is stable.  Lungs are essentially clear except for new left basal opacity, potentially representing aspiration or atelectasis, pneumonia less likely.  No appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax
['Findings: The right-sided PICC line and left-sided rib fractures are unchanged.  A lucency is seen at the left apex, but a chest CT done three hours later failed to show a pneumothorax and therefore this artifactual.  There is bilateral lower lobe opacities, compatible with volume loss/infiltrate.  The one on the right is slightly improved and the one on the left is slightly worse. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous image, the extension of the pneumothorax has markedly increased.  This is particularly evident at the left lung base.  Here, the dimension of the pneumothorax is approximately 3-4 cm.  Otherwise, there are no relevant changes.  The monitoring and support devices are in constant position.  Atelectasis at the right lung base is constant.  Retrocardiac atelectasis.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the left-sided chest tubes are in unchanged position.  The basal component of the known left pneumothorax has minimally increased.  The apical component of the pneumoth
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Degenerative changes are noted in the spine.  Severe degenerative changes also noted at the left shoulder.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are otherwise unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits.  The thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous, with aortic arch calcifications, unchanged from prior.  There is some platelike atelectasis in the right lower lung; otherwise, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  There is suggestion of a rounded opacity at the right hilum, likely a pulmonary vessel, similar in appearance to chest x-ray from ___.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Rounded opacity near the right hilum is likely a pulmonary vessel, and appears unchanged since ___.']
['Findings: to suggest pneumonia.  Small bilateral pleural effusions, stable.  Moderate cardiomegaly, improved.  This examination neither suggests nor excludes the diagnosis of pulmonary embolism recently documented on CT scanning. Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Lung volumes have improved and previous mild pulmonary edema has resolved.  There are no focal findings to suggest pneumonia.  Small bilateral pleural effusions, stable.  Moderate cardiomegaly, improved.  This examination neither suggests nor excludes the diagnosis of pulmonary embolism recently documented on CT scanning.', 'Findings: Linear opacities on the left are most consistent with atelectasis.  There is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest a pneumonia.  There is no pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  An eventration of the right hemidiaphragm is unchanged. Prior left PICC is no longer seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', "Findings: Indistinct pulmonary vascular markings are seen suggesting pulmonary edema, which is new since last month's exam.  Cardiomediast
['Findings: discussed with dr. ___ at 6:55pm on ___ via tel. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT HISTORY:  Leukocytosis and poor swallowing, to assess for pneumonia.  FINDINGS:  In comparison with study of ___, there is continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette without definite vascular congestion.  This raises the possibility of underlying cardiomyopathy or even pericardial effusion.  Basilar opacification bilaterally suggests small pleural effusions and volume loss in the lower lungs.  However, in the absence of a lateral view, the possibility of supervening pneumonia would have to be considered in the appropriate clinical setting. Impression: ', 'Findings: Single frontal view of the chest redemonstrates severe cardiomegaly.  The lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large effusion.  Previously seen lucency in the left lung base is much less conspicuous on this upright radiograph.  Lumbar scoliosis is unchanged.  No discernable displaced rib fracture. Impression: No radi
['Findings: Rotated positioning.   Allowing for this, the cardiomediastinal silhouette is probably unchanged compared with ___, though the aorta could be somewhat more tortuous, even allowing for patient rotation.  There is background hyperinflation, compatible with COPD.  No CHF, focal infiltrate or effusion is identified.  No pneumothorax is detected.  A retrocardiac density is consistent with a moderate hiatal hernia, in keeping with findings on the ___ chest x-ray.  There is moderate kyphosis of the thoracic spine with multilevel loss of vertebral body height.  Incidental note made of probable healed left proximal humeral fracture. Impression: 1.  No pneumothorax or pneumonia. 2.  Moderate hiatal hernia, also seen on CT ___.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Normal lung volumes.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia.  The heart continues to be borderline, but no pulmonary edema is seen.  Tortuosity of the aorta is present in unchanged manner.  Newly
['Findings: There is unchanged evidence of mild overinflation. No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Mild elongation of the descending aorta.   Skin fold over the right lower hemi thorax is not a pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Compared with prior radiographs on ___, there is no significant change.  Again seen is mild hyperinflation.  There is no new focal consolidation, pleural effusion, edema or pneumothorax.  Mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there has been placement of a a left pigtail catheter with removal of a large amount of pleural fluid.  Small residual is seen at the base.  No evidence of post procedure pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is increased opacification at the left base consistent with enlarging pleural effusion and volume loss in the left lower lobe.  Smaller increase in opacification seen at
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well expanded, clear lungs. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: Portable frontal chest radiograph was obtained.    Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are normally expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Imp
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Lungs clear.  Heart size normal.  No pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.', 'Findings: are the same or very slightly worse.  Patchy left lower lobe and right are cardiophrenic opacities are essentially unchanged.  No pneumothorax identified. Impression: Interval removal of lines and tubes.  Mild CHF findings are the same or very slightly worse.  Patchy left lower lobe and right are cardiophrenic opacities are essentially unchanged.  No pneumothorax identified.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', "Findings: New compared to prior bilateral hazy perihilar opacities.  Better seen on the lateral view is a focal rounded opacity projecting posteriorly, overlying the lower lobes, likely localizing to the right on the frontal view. Additional nodular opacity projects over the anterior right third rib laterally, new since prior.  It is uncertain if this is due to rib changes or underlying parenchymal abnormality.  There is no large pleural effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette
['Findings: Lung volumes are normal and lungs are clear. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation. Heart is normal size. No pulmonary edema. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: Single portable view of the chest is compared to previous exam from ___.  Low lung volumes are again seen.  Streaky opacity at the left lung base suggestive of atelectasis.  The lungs are otherwise clear of consolidation or large effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in configuration noting mitral annular calcifications.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is top-normal on this AP projection.  Lung volumes are slightly low. Given that, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No overt edema.  Bones appear intact. Impression: As above.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the outside study of ___, there is again enlargement of the cardiac silhouette in a patient with intact midline sternal wires following valve repair There is mild indistinctness of pulmonary vessels, consistent with mild elevation of pulmonary venous pressure. No evidence of acute pneumonia or pleural effusion.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Mediastinal and cardiac contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Right-sided PICC line has been removed since prior exam.  CONCLUSION:  There is no acute cardiopulmonary process. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Patchy left mid-to-lower lung opacity seen on the frontal view, not well seen on the lateral, view but appearing new since the prior study, may represent atelectasis; however, in the appropriate clinical setting, early consolidation is not excluded.  There is no pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral images of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation or congestive heart failure.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusions.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal.  There are no bony abnormalities.  There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Imp
['Findings: The descending aorta shows mild unfolding.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  There has been no significant change. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding similar study of ___.  The heart size is within normal limits.  No configurational abnormality is seen.  Thoracic aorta mildly widened and elongated but without local contour abnormalities.  Pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  No signs of acute or chronic parenchymal infiltrates are present, and the lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free.  No pneumothorax in apical area.  Moderate degree of degenerative changes in the thoracic spine were already shown on previous chest examination as well as calcified abnormalities at anterior end of first right-sided rib not to be confused with pulmonary abnormalities.  Comparison with the next previous study of ___ demonstrates no significant interval change
['Findings: There is predominately linear opacity in the right mid and left lower lung which may represent atelectasis versus scarring.  In the absence of prior studies, the possibility of a subtle pneumonia is difficult to exclude.  No large effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No convincing signs of edema all for pulmonary vascular congestion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears within normal limits.  The imaged bony structures are intact. Impression: Probable atelectasis versus scarring in the right mid and left lower lung.  In the absence of prior imaging studies, difficult to exclude a subtle underlying pneumonia.  Please correlate clinically.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the pacer lead is been repositioned to extend to the region of the apex of the right ventricle.  Otherwise little change.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  The tip of the pacemaker lead projects over the right ventricle.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pacemaker lead is unchanged, projecting over the right ventricle.  The radiograph shows no evidence of pneumothorax unchanged size of the cardiac silhouette.']
['Findings:  Impression: Lung volumes have improved.  Enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is moderate, unchanged, to cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion.  Mediastinal venous distension has improved.  Pulmonary vasculature is mildly engorged.  There is no pleural effusion.', 'Findings: The right IJ central line terminates at the distal SVC.  The NG tube terminates in the stomach however it would need to be advanced 5 cm to move all the side ports into the stomach.  A worsening opacity in the right lower lobe is likely pleural effusion and consolidation.  The interstitial edema and left lower lobe atelectasis is improved.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Right IJ central line terminates at the distal SVC. 2.  The NG tube would need to be advanced 5 cm to move all the side ports into the stomach. 3.  A worsening opacity in the right lower lobe is likely pleural effusion and consolidation.', 'Findings: The bilateral hemidiaphragms, cardiac borders, and mediastinal silhouettes are normal without ple
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process']
['Findings: Upright portable chest radiograph demonstrates no intraperitoneal free air.  The lungs are clear, with minimal left basilar linear atelectasis.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are normal.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Impression: Minimal left basilar atelectasis with no acute chest abnormality.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Multiple clips in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen indicate prior cholecystectomy.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the right subclavian PICC line is been repositioned so that the tip lies in the mid portion of the SVC. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings:  Impression: No relevant change as compared to the previous image.  Normal lung
['Findings: Relatively low lung volumes are noted with secondary streaky left basilar opacity which is likely atelectasis.  Elsewhere, lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Compression deformity of the visualized upper lumbar vertebral body is unchanged. Impression: No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.  Left basilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly. No pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged, but probably unchanged.  Aortic knob is again calcified and slightly unfolded.  Lung volumes are slightly low which accentuates bronchovascular markings.  This likely accounts for changes seen lower lobe on lateral view.  No CHF, focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax detected.  Shin degenerative change versus old healed fracture of the left humeral head. Impression: Mild card
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear and the pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized.  Old left-sided rib fractures are again noted.  Oral contrast material is seen within the colon. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The heart size is mildly enlarged.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  There is diffuse bilateral opacification and interstitial thickening, with evidence of vascular engorgement, most likely secondary to pulmonary edema.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions. There is no pneumothorax.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: Findings most suggestive of moderate pulmonary edema. Small bilateral pleural effusions. Mild cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: Overall, there is no significant interval change. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  The aorta is calcified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs are well expanded and clear with no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The aorta is mildly ectatic and unchanged from the prior exam.  No free air is identified below the hemidiaphragms.  Cholecystectomy clips are present in the right upper quadrant. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2.  No evidence of free air below the hemidiaphragms.']
['Findings: Single AP view of the chest provided.   An ET tube ends 2.0 cm above the Carina. An orogastric tube extends below the level of the diaphragm, the distal tip is not visualized. A left PICC ends at the distal SVC.  Retrocardiac and left basilar consolidation is unchanged. There is suggestion of a mild leftward shift of mediastinal structures, however this may be due to rotation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Hilar contours are normal. Impression: Retrocardiac and left basilar opacity are unchanged. Additionally, there is suggestion of a mild leftward shift of mediastinal structures, however this may be due to rotation. A nonobliqued image may be useful to assess whether the retrocardiac and left basilar opacities are due to volume loss or possibly pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: New tracheostomy tube is midline.  There is no mediastinal widening, pneumomediastinum or pleural effusion.  Lungs are grossly clear.  Heart size is normal.  Left PIC line ends in the low SVC
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate nodular densities in the right lung which correspond to the nodule seen on the recent CT.  The lungs are otherwise clear with no focal opacities.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  No pleural abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute infectious process.', 'Findings: Double-lumen Port-A-Cath terminates in the right atrium.  Lung volumes are low.  Multiple lung nodules and masses, better depicted on prior CTA of the chest may have grown since ___.  There is no new focal opacity to suggest pneumonia.  Heart size normal.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Multiple pulmonary nodules and mediastinal adenopathy, may be growing rapidly.  No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: A Port-A-Cath terminates at the cavoatrial junction. The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  There are several few nodules suggesting metastatic malignancy which are difficult to compare to the prior studies for small changes.  An asymmetric opacity involving the left lung apex and suprah
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the left-sided chest tube is in unchanged position.  The extent of the pre-existing pleural effusion has slightly increased.  As a consequence, there is increased atelectasis at the left lung base.  Unchanged appearance of the right hilus.  No newly appeared parenchymal opacities suggesting pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: There may be a very small left pneumothorax, as well as a small residual left pleural effusion.  An opacity at the left lung base, best seen on the lateral view, is probably atelectasis, but infection cannot be excluded.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.   There are no acute skeletal findings. Impression: 1.  Possible very small left pneumothorax.  2.  Small residual left pleural effusion. 3.  Likely left lower lobe rounded atelectasis, alternatively pneumonia.    These findings were discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ ___ telephone at approximately 4 p.m. on the day of the study.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  A small left pleural eff
['Findings: Moderate cardiomegaly is noted with a left ventricular predominance.  The aorta is tortuous and appears mildly dilated measuring up to 4.3 cm at the level of the aortic arch on the lateral view.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal, and the hilar contours are unremarkable.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Mildly dilated, tortuous aorta.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Substantial increase in left perihilar and basal consolidation since ___ most likely pneumonia.  Mild interstitial edema is evident in the non consolidated right lung.  Heart size is normal.  Right jugular line ends in the low SVC.  Nasogastric tube ends in nondistended stomach.  No pneumothorax.  Small left pleural effusion is new.', 'Findings: New nasogastric tube terminates in the stomach.  A new retrocardiac airspace opacity may be due to atelectasis or aspiration.  The right lung is clear.  There is no pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits despite the projection. Impression: New left lower lobe aspiration or atelectasis. Nasogastric tube terminates in stomach.  NOTIFICATION:  The impression and recommendation above was entered by Dr. ___ on ___ at 10:51 into the Department of Radiology critical communications system for direct communication to the referring provider.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison study of ___, there is mild hyperexpansion of the lungs raising the possibility of some underlying chronic pulmonary disease.  However,
['Findings: Portable semi-upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates  low lung volumes results in bronchovascular crowding.  Increased opacity in the right mid and lower lung is concerning for pneumonia.  The cardiomediastinal hilar contours are unchanged.  There is prominent medastinal and extrapleural fat present on prior CT of the chest. There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Increased opacity at the right mid and lower lung is concerning for pneumonia.']
['Findings: were  discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ ___ telephone at 18:45 on ___, at the time of discovery. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)  INDICATION:  ___ year old woman w/ spinal hardware infection s/p removal, chest tube placement and removal.  // Eval ptx s/p CT removal. Please perform exam at ___.     Eval ptx s/p CT removal. Please perform exam at ___.  COMPARISON:  Chest radiographs ___ through ___ ___ at 6:27. Impression: return of the mediastinum toward the midline suggests left lower lobe atelectasis which worsened between ___ and earlier in the day is improving. Left apical pneumothorax is tiny and Small left pleural effusion is likely, but neither has increased since removal of the left apical pleural drain.  Right lung is clear.  Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.  Feeding tube passes into the duodenum and out
['Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding chest examination of ___.  Moderate cardiac enlargement is present with prominence of left ventricular contour and that of the left atrium.  This suggests the possibility of moderate mitral valve incompetence.  No other significant abnormalities are present and the lungs are not congested.  The previously identified bilateral pleural effusions have disappeared.  A new finding consists of a hazy density occupying the lateral and superior aspect of the right-sided hemithorax and coinciding with a clearly prominent soft tissue mass in the right axilla.  There is no evidence of remaining pleural effusions laterally or posteriorly.  In comparison with the previous examination, this new right-sided axillary density is new.  Referring physician, ___. ___ ___ was contacted by telephone to report the questionable findings.  The time was 4:15 p.m. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Mild interstitial edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.']
["Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are clear. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No displaced rib fractures identified.  There is, however, mild right lateral vertebral body height loss identified at T11, age indeterminate especially without priors. Impression: No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.  Right lateral vertebral body height loss at T11 which is age indeterminate.  Please correlate with patient's site of pain regarding need for additional imaging."]
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  A nipple shadow again projects over the right lower hemithorax.  The lung fields appear otherwise clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of pulmonary malignancy or chronic infection.']
['Findings: Left-sided Port-A-Cath has a similar course with the tip in the low SVC.  Bilateral coarse reticular markings with basilar predominance have not substantially changed.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Left-sided Port-A-Cath has a similar course with the tip in the low SVC.  Generalized interstitial pulmonary abnormality unchanged since ___.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Left chest wall Port-A-Cath is seen with catheter tip extending to the mid SVC.  A metallic CBD stent projects over the upper abdomen.  Lungs appear relatively clear.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: No convincing evidence for pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Left subclavian Port-A-Cath is seen with its tip in the mid to low SVC.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  There is increased
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Subtle left base opacity is seen, which could be due to an early infectious process.  The right lung is clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Subtle left base retrocardiac opacity, cannot exclude infection in the appropriate clinical setting.']
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. No subdiaphragmatic free air is present. Remote right mid clavicular fracture is noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Lung volumes remain low, which leads to bronchovascular crowding. There is now mild interstitial edema. The cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. A left IJ central venous catheter terminates at the mid SVC. Impression: 1. Left IJ terminating in the mid SVC.  2. Moderate cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ radiograph, heterogeneous opacities in the right lung have rapidly cleared, suggesting may represented either asymmetrical edema or acute aspiration.  Atelectasis in left retrocardiac region has nearly resolved.  No other relevant changes.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the right IJ PICC line has been pulled back so that the tip is in the mid to lower portion of the SVC.  Endotracheal tube tip lies approximately 5 cm above the carina. Nasogastric tube extends to the upper stomach, or crosses the lower margin of the image. No evidence of acute focal pneumonia or appreciable pulmonary edema.', 'Find
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable.  Linear opacities at the lung bases are most consistent with atelectasis.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax. There is no pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: Normal radiographs of the chest.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest were provided.  There is atelectasis at the left lung base which likely also is associated with small effusion as seen on prior CT-PET.  Coarsened reticular nodular markings within the lungs likely represent chronic change.  No pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Coarsened markings likely reflect chronic disease with left basal atelectasis and small effusion again noted.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. No CHF, focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax detected. Impression: Chest x-ray examination within normal limits. No pneumothorax or focal infiltrate identified.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Endotracheal tube in standard position. 2.  Congestive heart failure.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: The Dobbhoff tube was placed in the appropriate position with the tip in the proximal stomach.  Left pleural effusion is unchanged from previous examination with left basilar lung volume loss.  No new focal consolidation or pneumothorax is noted.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is unchanged, and the right subclavian central line is in the mid to lower SVC with the position unchanged. Impression: 1. Appropriate placement of Dobbhoff tube in the proximal stomach.  2. No interval change in the left pleural effusion.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Subtle opacity is seen projecting over the right lung base which could represent a very early pneumonia in the right lower lobe. Otherwise, lungs are clear. No effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is top-normal. Mediastinal contour is normal. Fusion hardware in the lower cervical spine is noted. Bony structures appear intact. No free air is seen below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Subtle right lower lung opacity could represent an early pneumonia in the right lower lobe. Top-normal heart size.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  There is similar mild rightward convex curvature centered along the mid thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: Improved retrocardiac opacity.  Stable right basilar opacity.  Shallow inspiration accentuates heart size, pulmonary vascularity.  Increased pulmonary vascularity since prior exam.  Remainder normal. Impression: Decreased left basilar opacity. Increased pulmonary vascularity since prior exam', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  The lung volumes have decreased, as a consequence, there are increasing areas of atelectasis at both the left and the right lung basis.  A enlarged right hilus is masked by the collapse lung parenchyma and should potentially be further evaluated by CT.  Mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: The mediastinal contours are stable.  There is atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic arch.  The cardiac silhouette remains enlarged.  No focal consolidation or pleural effusion is seen.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No focal consolidation.  Stable cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: Lungs well expanded. There is a hazy opacity in the right lateral lung base, which could represent atelectasis or pneumonia in
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  The cardiac silhouette size remains mild to moderately enlarged. The mediastinal contour is stable. There is crowding of the bronchovascular structures without overt pulmonary edema. Patchy opacities in the lung bases may reflect areas of atelectasis. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Impression: Low lung volumes. Bibasilar patchy opacities may reflect areas of atelectasis though consider followup PA and lateral views of the chest with improved inspiratory effort for better assessment of this region.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have increased, likely reflecting improved ventilation. However, signs of mild to moderate pulmonary edema are still visible. Moderate cardiomegaly persists.  No larger pleural effusions. Retrocardiac atelectasis is seen in unchanged manner. The position of the right internal jugular vein catheter is constant.', 'Findings: Interval removal of a right IJ central venous catheter. As compared to the prior examination dated ___, there is worsening cardiomegaly and a increased interstitial edema bilaterally, now moderate. A
['Findings: There is mild cardiomegaly. Small bilateral pleural effusions associated with adjacent atelectasis are larger on the right. There is mild vascular congestion. There is no pneumothorax .  The osseous structures are unremarkable Impression: Mild vascular congestion and small bilateral effusions', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  There is secondary crowding of the bronchovascular markings.  There is also engorgement of the central pulmonary vasculature when compared to prior.  There is no focal consolidation or large effusion.  Cardiac silhouette is stable.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Pulmonary vascular congestion without focal consolidation.', 'Findings: Compared with the prior chest radiograph, there is no significant pulmonary vascular congestion.  No pleural effusion, confluent focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.  Top-normal heart size is unchanged. Impression: No evidence of focal consolidation.', 'Findings: Since the chest radiograph obtained approximately 12 hours prior, the retrocardiac consolidation and left pleural effusion have increased in size.  Lung aeration is minimally improved.  Pulmonary vasculature remains prominent. No other significant changes
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Regional bones and soft tissues are unremarkable. Impression: Clear lungs with no evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: AP portable semi upright view of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Upper lobe lucency suggests underlying emphysema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  Chronic bony deformity at the left mid to distal clavicle is noted. Impression: No acute findings.']
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are low. Platelike areas of atelectasis are seen at the left lung bases. However, there is no evidence of a pneumothorax.  No pleural effusion.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: AP and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  The lungs are hyperinflated.  Apical lucencies suggest emphysematous changes.  Interstitial markings at the lung bases are thickened.  Minimal effusion or scarring is present.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are otherwise unremarkable.  Aortic arch calcifications are visualized. Impression: Emphysema.  No acute cardiomediastinal process.  No foreign body visualized in the airway.  No radiopaque foreign body visualized in the airway.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are normal on the left.  On the right, however, there is a large area of apical pleural thickening, combines to subtotal atelectasis and deviation of the minor fissure towards the lung apex.  Hilus is also moved towards the lung apices.  These findings are typically seen in old TB.  In addition, two calcified granulomas are seen in the subpleural areas of the left hemithorax.  Overall, prior exposure to TB is very likely, but no evidence of active disease is seen on the current radiograph.  The well-ventilated lung parenchyma is unremarkable.  No pleural effusions.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there has been substantial decrease in the degree of pulmonary vascular congestion and bilateral pleural effusions ___ ___ cardiac silhouette is less prominent. Of incidental note is several old healed rib fractures on the left.', 'Findings: Previously described right basilar focal opacity has resolved.  There is decreased aeration at the left lung base, which could be due to a combination of atelectasis, effusion, or consolidation.  Accounting for patient positioning, the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged.  No pneumothorax.  Old healed left upper posterior rib fractures are unchanged. Impression: Left basilar opacity could be any combination of atelectasis, infection, or effusion.  Consider PA/lateral chest radiograph if patient is amenable.', 'Findings:  Impression: Interval development of right lower lobe atelectasis in conjunction with bilateral pleural effusion correspond to the abnormality seen on the chest radiograph and also depicted on the CT abdomen obtained the same the later. Left basal atelectasis is noted, minimal but also involves substantial narrowing of the left lower lobe bronchus.  Upper lungs are clear. There is no
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Low lung volumes. The lung fields are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation or congestive heart failure.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No bony abnormalities.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Linear lucency projecting over the inferior left scapula is most likely artifactual and related to skin fold. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Linear lucency projecting over the inferior left scapula is most likely artifactual.  No acute fracture seen at the inferior left scapula on subsequent CT.']
['Findings: Bibasilar linear atelectasis is seen.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is seen on this single view.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  Tubular density projecting over the right heart likely corresponds to coronary artery stent. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Multifocal pneumonia.', "Findings: Patient's condition required examination in sitting upright position using AP frontal and left lateral views.  Comparison is made with the next preceding postoperative supine chest examination of ___.  Heart size suggests mild enlargement but not significantly different from what has been identified on the preoperative chest examination of ___. Thoracic aorta unchanged.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested, and the lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free from any major fluid accumulations.  No pneumothorax is identified in the apical area on the frontal view.  A right-sided internal jugular approach central venous line is present and seen to terminate overlying the right-sided mediastinal structures at the level 2 cm below the carina
['Findings: Under the heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is mild relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___, the lungs have increased in transparent see, likely reflecting improved ventilation.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Status post vertebroplasty.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions.', 'Findings: Shallow inspiration accentuates heart size, pulmonary vascularity.  New mild left basilar opacity, likely atelectasis.  Stable vertebroplasty. Impression: Mild left basilar opacity, likely atelectasis in the setting of shallow inspiration.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Heart size is normal. The aorta is mildly unfolded. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Mild degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine. Numerous left axillary clips are present.  Circular radiopaque devices are noted within the anterior chest wall bilaterally, compatible with tissue expander devices. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: A single portable frontal view of the chest was performed.  Opacification is seen in adjacent to the left heart border.  The heart size is mildly enlarged. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The mediastinal structures are normal.  Small amount of calcifications within the aortic arch.  The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Left lower lung opacification which may represent atelectasis, although pneumonia cannot be excluded.  Mild cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: The lungs are normally expanded and clear.  Heart size is top-normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours and pleural surfaces are normal. Surgical clips in the right upper quadrant may be from prior cholecystectomy. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Patient had prior median sternotomy, CABG, and aortic valve replacement. Heart size is top normal. The aorta remains tortuous. Mediastinal hilar contours are otherwise unchanged.  A left-sided dual-chamber pacemaker device is noted determine the right atrium right ventricle, unchanged. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Apart from minimal atelectasis at the lung bases and  scarring within the right upper lobe, the lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Wedge compression deformity of a vertebral body at the thoracolumbar junction is unchanged. Impression: No chest radiograph evidence of malignancy in the thorax.', 'Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy, CABG and aortic valve replacement.  Unfolding of the thoracic aorta is noted.  There is a left-sided cardiac pacing device with its leads projecting over the right atrium and ventricle.  The heart is top-normal in size, and there is mild central vascular congestion.  Atelectasis noted along the right lung base.
['Findings: There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal size. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process']
['Findings: Persistent cardiomegaly, accompanied by pulmonary vascular congestion and worsening pulmonary edema which is basilar predominant.  The possibility of pulmonary edema accompanied by bibasilar aspiration is an additional consideration in the appropriate clinical setting.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are also noted, right greater than left. Impression: ', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Multiple dense nodules in the left peripheral mid lung zone are new since the prior study.  These most likely represent represent calcified pleural plaques  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  Moderate degenerative changes are present in the thoracic spine. Impression: Multiple nodular opacities in left mid peripheral lung zone.  If prior radiographs since ___ can be obtained, an addendum can be issued.  If no prior radiographs available, then recommend followup with repeat chest radiograph in eight weeks.', 'Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest demonstrate bilateral patchy opacities within the bases which are relatively stable from ___ but markedly increased from ___ likely reflective of mild pulmonary edema.  Cardiac size remains mildly enlarged.  No ple
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Severe scoliosis convex to the right is again seen. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Previous asymmetric pulmonary edema has cleared although pulmonary vascular engorgement and moderate cardiomegaly persist. There is probably a substantial hiatus hernia, projecting to the left of the midline just above left hemidiaphragm. . Small right pleural effusion is the residual. Right basal consolidation could be either atelectasis hila or concurrent pneumonia. Followup advised.', 'Findings: Compared to the prior radiograph, the trace right pleural effusion is not enlarging.  The left pleural effusion is not perceived.  The configuration of the cardiomediastinal contours is unchanged. The lungs are similarly clear aside from bibasilar atelectasis.  Severe degenerative changes in the shoulders. Impression: No interval change in trace right pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low, accentuating the cardiac silhouette and bronchovascular structures.  Moderate right pleural effusion has increased in size
['Findings: Single AP portable chest radiograph is obtained.  The image provided excludes the bilateral lung apices and the lateral right hemithorax which considerably limits evaluation.  The imaged portions of the lungs appear clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  Bony structures appear intact. Impression: Limited study given exclusion of the lung apices and right lateral hemithorax, though no definite signs of pneumonia.  Repeat study may be performed to fully assess.']
['Findings: TECHNIQUE:  Chest PA and lateral  COMPARISON:  None available.  FINDINGS:   Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well expanded, clear lungs. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The ascending aorta appears slightly tortuous, although similar as compared to the prior study.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has received a left pectoral pacemaker. The pacemaker leads are unremarkable.  No pneumothorax.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is persistent blunting of the costophrenic angles and possible minimal pleural thickening bilaterally, which is unchanged in appearance since the prior study.  Chain sutures are again seen overlying the right mid-to-lower hemithorax.  Slight upper lobe patchy opacity are seen which could be due to aspiration or infection and are of indeterminate acuity.  No pleural effusion is seen.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  Surgical clips are partially seen in the upper abdomen. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: HEART SIZE IS NORMAL.  MEDIASTINUM IS NORMAL.  LUNGS ARE CLEAR.  THERE IS NO PLEURAL EFFUSION OR PNEUMOTHORAX.  OVERALL UNREMARKABLE CHEST RADIOGRAPH']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___ through ___.  Patient has had right mastectomy.  Atelectasis due to longstanding bronchiectasis in the right middle lobe is slightly more pronounced today.  Chest CT on ___ showed granulomatous calcifications in right hilar lymph nodes and in the right lung and small impactions in dilated bronchi, predominantly in the middle lobe.  The impactions and granulomata might be responsible for suggestion of two tiny lung nodules projecting over the anterior aspect of the right seventh rib that are so small that they could have been present previously but not appreciated. Given that treatment for breast carcinoma took place approximately ___ years ago, I strongly doubt that these tiny nodules, if present at all, are due to intrathoracic malignancy  There is no pleural abnormality or evidence of hilar adenopathy.  Heart size is normal.  No focal abnormality is seen in the left lung.  .', 'Findings: Both lungs are well expanded and clear.  No opacities concerning for pneumonia or atelectasis or pulmonary edema. Mild right middle lobe bronchiectasis demonstrated on prior chest CTs is not well appreciated
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.  The lungs are clear with the exception of trace possible subsegmental atelectasis in the left base.  There is no pneumothorax, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  Prior coronary arterial stenting is unchanged.  A hiatal hernia is noted.  Mild multilevel thoracic spondylosis is noted. Impression: Trace left basilar atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal. Coronary stents are projecting over the left circulation.  Mediastinum is unremarkable. Lungs are clear. Minimal amount of pleural effusion is suspected bilaterally.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs are well expanded and clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. The upper abdomen is unremarkable. Multilevel degenerative changes are again seen in the thoracic spine without acute osseous abnormality. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Patchy linear opacity at the left base is consistent with atelectasis.  The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No radiopaque foreign body. Impression: Small left base atelectasis.  No focal consolidation.']
['Findings: Compared to chest radiographs ___:   Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well-expanded clear lungs.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process']
['Findings: The widespread pulmonary edema appears slightly improved when compared with the study of ___, now mild to moderate in severity.  Numerous ill-defined mass-like opacities are likely related to widespread infection and edema. The left-sided pleural effusion appears slightly improved, now small and visible only on the lateral projection. The heart size is top normal. A right-sided PICC line ends in the cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. Impression: 1. Slight interval improvement in moderate widespread pulmonary edema. 2. Numerous opacities likely related to widespread infection and edema. 3. Slight interval improvement in the small left-sided pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: A right PICC line tip is at the level of lower SVC. Heart size is top-normal, minimally enlarged. There is interval increase in the size of the azygos vein as well as interval development of perihilar interstitial opacities, concerning for moderate interstitial pulmonary edema. Small amount of pleural effusion is most likely present.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ radiograph, widespread alveolar and
['Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged, but not changed in the interval.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is not overtly engorged.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided demonstrating no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinal contour are normal.  The bony structures are intact.  There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are noted to be decreased.  The ET tube tip terminates 3 cm above the carina.  Focal areas of increased density are seen within the right upper lobe, right middle lobe, and left lower lobe, and may be secondary to atelectasis versus aspiration.  Bilateral pleural effusions are noted, left greater than right.  There is stable, moderate to severe cardiomegaly.  The mediastinum is somewhat widened, which may be secondary to both the projection and the patient position. Impression: 1. Bilateral opacities which may represent atelectasis versus aspiration.  Recommend attention on follow up.  2. Moderate to severe cardiomegaly with bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings: The heart size is top normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lung volumes are lower, causing mild bronchovascular crowding.  However, the lungs are clear without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Single portable AP view of the chest was provided.  The patient has been extubated.  Lung
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is seen.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  No free intraperitoneal air detected. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.']
["Findings: Exam is limited by patient positioning, patient's chin overlies the left lung apex The heart is moderately enlarged. There are perihilar opacities and increased interstitial markings compatible with pulmonary edema. There are also small to moderate bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent volume loss.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Cardiac failure with pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusions."]
['Findings:  Impression: Support lines and tubes are unchanged in position.  There is cardiomegaly which is stable.  There are low lung volumes.  There is a left retrocardiac opacity. There is likely a left pleural effusion.  No pneumothoraces are seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: Allowing for differences in technique and projection, there has not been a substantial change in the appearance of the chest since the recent study of 2 days earlier.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison the ___.  No relevant change.  The ventricular assist device is in stable position.  Moderate cardiomegaly persists.  Signs of mild to moderate pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax.  Retrocardiac atelectasis is stable.  No new parenchymal opacities.', 'Findings: The Swan-Ganz catheter terminates in the right pulmonary artery.  Left pectoral transvenous pacer defibrillator lead projects over the right ventricle. The heart is severely enlarged, unchanged compared to multiple priors.  The mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  There continued to be bilateral airspace opacities which could represent pneumonia or atelectasis.  There are bilateral pleural effusions.  The contours of the effusions suggest that the fluid may be somewhat loculated, particularly on the right.   There is no evidence of pulmonary edema.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are unchanged.  A portion of a biliary stent is again visualized.  Overall, there does not appear to be any significant interval change.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Heart is upper limits of normal in size, and pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Bibasilar areas of consolidation are present, and may reflect aspiration or infectious pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  Small right and small-to-moderate left pleural effusions are also present.  Biliary stents are noted in the upper abdomen. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: No change in comparison with the previous radiograph. Normal lung volumes.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.  No pulmonary fibrosis. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions. Status post CABG.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance.  Pulmonary vascular congestion is accompanied by asymmetrical right perihilar airspace opacification, as well as peripheral interstitial opacities.  The persistent right perihilar opacity could be due to asymmetrical edema, but infectious pneumonia is also possible in the appropriate clinical setting.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are unchanged. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips.  The heart is top normal in size.  Lungs are clear.  No signs of pneumonia or CHF.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Previous extensive
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are stable with cardiac size top normal and tortuous aorta.  The lungs are hyperinflated.  Faint increasing opacities in the right peripheral lower lobe and biapical pleural parenchymal scar are unchanged.  There are no new lung abnormalities.   there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine Impression: COPD.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities', 'Findings: Compared to the examination obtained ___, pulmonary edema has resolved.  A focal nodular opacity projecting over the anterior left fifth rib is likely a nipple shadow.  Hyperinflation of the lungs suggests chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  Moderate biapical scarring is again noted.  A focal opacity within the right apex was new in ___, but is unchanged since and does therefore not reflect active infection.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.. Heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal.  A vertebral body compression deformity in the mid to upper thoracic spine is unchanged since at least ___. Imp
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is no interval change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No interstitial prominence or diaphragmatic pleural calcification to suggest asbestos-related disease radiographically. Impression: ']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has been extubated and the nasogastric tube has been removed.  The monitoring and support devices are in unchanged position.  Lung volumes have minimally decreased.  There is mild fluid overload but no evidence of larger pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The size of the cardiac silhouette is unchanged. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Previous mild pulmonary edema has almost entirely cleared.  Small left pleural effusion is smaller.  Left lower lobe atelectasis is mild.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette has a normal postoperative appearance.  No appreciable pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___.  No pneumothorax or appreciable pleural effusion following removal of pleural drains.  Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm preceded surgery and the cardiomediastinal silhouette has a normal postoperative appearance.  Mild pulmonary edema has improved, and lung volumes have increased since ___.  No pneumothorax.  Right jugular introducer ends in the mid SVC.
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are unchanged in appearance.  Bilateral, right more than left pleural effusion is noted. There is interval resolution of interstitial pulmonary edema. No increase in pleural effusion or development of pneumothorax or new consolidations demonstrated', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process if concern for rib fractures persist, consider dedicated rib views.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low with unchanged bronchovascular crowding. Small bilateral pleural effusions with associated bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis are unchanged. There is no pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum cannot be accurately assessed.  The bones are diffusely osteopenic. Impression: Stable small bilateral pleural effusions with associated bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: Mild pulmonary edema is new.  Heterogeneous consolidation in the right lung is concerning for concurrent pneumonia.  Pleural effusions are small.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal vascular congestion is mild.', 'Findings: There is an unchanged right middle lobe
['Findings: and their clinical significance over the telephone at the time of dictation. Impression: AP chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest radiographs:  There is no consolidation or atelectasis.  A vague 18 mm wide region of oval opacity projecting over the right first anterior rib could be a region of sclerosis in the rib, but it could also be a lung nodule.  Routine chest radiographs recommended when feasible.  Lungs are otherwise clear.  There is no pleural effusion or evidence of central adenopathy.  Heart size is normal.  Dr. ___ and I discussed the findings and their clinical significance over the telephone at the time of dictation.']
["Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate clear lungs and normal hilar and cardiomediastinal contours.  There are chain sutures in the right upper and middle lobes from prior wedge resection.  There are other linear scars in the right lower lobe, which are unchanged.  Median sternotomy cerclage wires are intact and surgical clips are seen in the mediastinum from prior CABG.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No displaced rib fracture is seen. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  No displaced rib fracture is seen.  However, if there is continued clinical concern for rib fracture, a dedicated rib series with a skin marker at the location of the patient's pain is recommended as it is more sensitive than a chest radiograph."]
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. Nipple shadows are incidentally noted.  There is no pulmonary edema.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Sequential AP views of the chest demonstrate insertion of a nasoenteric tube, with the wire stylet in place.  Initially, the tube terminates in the mid esophagus, and is then advanced to the distal esophagus, where the tip terminates at the the left hemidiaphragm.  The lungs are clear without pleural effusion or focal consolidation.  Heart size is normal.  Cervical and lumbar spinal hardware is identified. Impression: Feeding tube terminates at the distal esophagus.  Advancement is advised.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Nasoenteric tube should be advanced several cm to ensure placement within the stomach.', 'Findings:  Impression: Feeding tube with the wire stylet in place ends in the mid stomach.  Bilateral pleural effusions are small.  Lower lungs are probably mildly atelectatic.  Upper lungs are clear.  Heart size is normal.  The very apices of the chest are excluded from the examination.  There is no evidence elsewhere of pneumothorax.', 'Findings: There has been interval advancement of the feeding tube with its tip now positioned in
['Findings: PA and lateral views the chest.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or pulmonary vascular congestion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Opacity projecting over the anterior left 2nd rib is obscured by overlying cardiac lead on the current exam.  Opacity projecting over the left lateral 6th rib suggests prior fracture.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is a minor right basilar atelectasis.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  No subdiaphragmatic free air is present.  Clips from prior cholecystectomy are noted in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhou
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Patient is status post AVR. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Sternal wires are aligned Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities', 'Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and aortic valve replacement. Heart size remains mildly enlarged. Hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Previously demonstrated tiny right apical pneumothorax is not appreciated on the current exam. Patchy opacity in the left lung base appears slightly worse in the interval, with continued small bilateral pleural effusions. No pulmonary vascular congestion is present. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Patchy retrocardiac opacity appears slightly worse in the interval, suggestive of worsening atelectasis, though infection is not excluded.  Small bilateral pleural effusions, not substantially changed.  Previously noted tiny right apical pneumothorax appears resolved.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ radiograph, a right internal jugular central venous catheter is been removed, and a tiny right pneumothorax is newly appreciated.  Cardiomediastinal
['Findings: Portable AP upright chest radiograph was provided.  AICD is unchanged.  Midline sternotomy wires are also unchanged.  Since the prior exam from five hours earlier, there is increasing pulmonary edema and consolidation in the right lower lung.  Otherwise, no change. Impression: ']
['Findings: Single AP view of the chest provided.  Diffuse alveolar and interstitial opacities are worsened from ___. A faint focal left lower lung opacity is concerning for pneumonia.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Impression: 1. A faint, focal left lower lung opacity is concerning for pneumonia.  2. Diffuse alveolar and interstitial opacities are worsened from ___ and likely represents mild to moderate pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is similar to prior with mild cardiomegaly again noted.  . Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: Mild stable cardiomegaly, otherwise unremarkable exam.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Dense breast tissue partially obscures the lower lungs on the first image of the series.  On the second image of series, there is improved inspiratory effort resulting a more diagnostic quality imaged.  Lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.  Clips in the right upper quadrant noted. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Surgical clips seen in the upper abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are moderately well inflated and clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size, mediastinal contour, and hila are unremarkable.  Limited assessment of the osseous structures are
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal.  The aorta is mildly tortuous. Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable. There is no pulmonary vascular congestion. Subsegmental atelectasis is noted at the lung bases. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated. No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: Subsegmental bibasilar atelectasis. No evidence for pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours.  No pleural effusions, no pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size. The aortic arch is calcified.  Otherwise, the mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Crowding of posterior lung volumes suggests minor volume loss in dependent areas, but otherwise the lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The osseous structures are unremarkable Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The heart size is mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Mild thoracic aortic calcifications are identified.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified.  Left proximal humerus is partially imaged, but appears to be deformed, compatible with remote injury. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouettes are stable, with mild cardiomegaly.  The bilateral hilar within normal limits.  Lungs are hyperinflated but clear without focal consolidation.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion or pulmonary edema.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia']
['Findings: The lungs are well-expanded, grossly clear.  The heart is mildly enlarged, and median sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are again seen.  The descending thoracic aorta and aortic arch are densely calcified. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, overt pulmonary edema, or focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding similar chest examination of ___.  The heart size remains unchanged and is within normal limits.  Unaltered appearance of thoracic aorta, mediastinal structures.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  No signs of acute new pulmonary parenchymal infiltrates.  The previously described findings of low positioned and flattened diaphragms in conjunction with the hypertranslucent appearance of the lung bases remains.  Direct comparison on the frontal view suggests that the depression of the diaphragms and flattening is slightly less marked than it was two weeks before.  This could indicate presently less air trapping, but the findings are chronic and by no means eliminated completely.  On the other hand, there is no evidence of the on previous chest examinations identified inflammatory changes seen on chest CT and PA and lateral chest examinations during ___. Impression: ', 'Findings: Previous areas of heterogeneous opacification and mild interstitial abnormality scattered through the lungs in ___ have cleared.  A micronodular quality of the abnormality was visible on earlier chest radiographs and the chest CT done on ___.
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Normal chest.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  Left chest wall pacer device is noted with 2 leads extending to the region the right atrium and right ventricle.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  No signs of congestion or edema.  Cardiomegaly is mild.  Aortic calcification noted.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.   Surgical clips are seen within the expected location of the gallbladder fossa.  Imaged osseous structures are intact.  Moderate to severe degenerative changes are seen in the right AC joint. Impression: Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute process.  Right AC joint arthropathy.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is a small nodular density projecting over the left lower lung, probably due to scarring or potentially a nipple shadow, but a true pulmonary nodule is not excluded.  Otherwise, the lungs appear clear.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.  Nodular focus projecting over the left lower lung.  When clinically appropriate, a chest CT is suggested to evaluate further.  An email regarding the recommendation was sent to the ED QA nursing group on ___.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___ from an outside facility, there is little overall change in the appearance of a patient who has undergone previous CABG procedure and has sternal wires with the third from the top showing a discontinuity.  Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged.  Opacification at the left base is consistent with some volume loss in the left lower lobe and possible small effusion. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: Lung clear.  No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___ and from ___.  There is subtle opacity in the retrocardiac space which may localize to left lower lobe on the frontal exam.  The lungs are otherwise clear without effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Dual-lead pacing device is seen with lead tips to the right atrium and right ventricle.  Hypertrophic changes seen in the spine as well as mild wedge deformity of the lower thoracic vertebral body, unchanged. Impression: Subtle opacity in the retrocardiac region likely on the left, which could represent atelectasis; however, infiltrate is not completely excluded and correlation should be made clinically.', 'Findings: There is a left-sided pacemaker with leads unchanged in position. The heart is mildly enlarged. Lungs are hyperinflated. Faint opacity at the left lung base may reflect a combination of atelectasis and effusion although an early consolidation is not excluded. Impression: Faint opacity at the left lung base likely reflecting atelectasis and effusion although an early
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded.  Linear atelectasis at the left base is unchanged.  Elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is similar.  The aortic arch calcifications are stable.  Mild cardiomegaly is similar. Mild rightward tracheal deviation due to an enlarged left thyroid lobe is stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process', 'Findings:  Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly and left hemidiaphragm elevation.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged including moderate cardiomegaly.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: The heart is again moderately enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  No rib fracture, though if there is a strong clinical suspicion oblique views could be obtained.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  COPD.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lungs are hyperinflated. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Old right rib deformities are again seen. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Single portable view of the chest.  Endotracheal tube is seen with tip approximately 3.5 cm from the carina.  NG tube passes below the inferior field of view.  Right subclavian line seen with tip at the RA-SVC junction.  There is no visualized pneumothorax on these supine films.  There is prominence of the upper mediastinum, which could be in part projectional and due to patient positioning.  Clinical correlation regarding need for additional imaging suggested.  The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits for technique.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: ', 'Findings: do point to aspiration or retained secretions.  Left lung is clear.  Heart size is normal. Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Appearance of the right lower chest on the frontal view is consistent with either basal consolidation or pleural effusion.  The lateral projection today shows that the finding is primarily due to severe consolidation of all the basal segments on the right, generally a finding of atelectasis rather than pneumonia.  There may be a small accompanying pleural effusion commonly seen with basal atelectasis.  Findings do point
['Findings: were discussed by Dr. ___ with ___ ___ on the telephone at 12:33 PM, ___ 5 minutes after the initial page placed within one minute after discovery of the findings. Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___.  Patient has been extubated and lung volumes are lower.  Considerable increase in caliber of the cardiac silhouette could be due to mediastinal fluid accumulation or cardiomegaly.  Pulmonary vasculature is mildly engorged but there is no pulmonary edema.  Right pleural effusion is small if any.  No pneumothorax.  Swan-Ganz catheter ends in the right main pulmonary artery.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with ___ ___ on the telephone at 12:33 PM, ___ 5 minutes after the initial page placed within one minute after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and cardiac valve replacement.  The right transjugular Swan-Ganz catheter has been removed.  There are moderate bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis.  Superimposed infection cannot be excluded in the proper clinical context.  No pneumothorax identified. 
['Findings: Single frontal radiograph of the chest the mediastinum is shifted to the right with opacification along the right heart border likely representing volume loss in the left lower lobe and middle lobe related to atelectasis.  There is a moderate right pleural effusion.  Opacity at right base could represent a combination of atelectasis effusion.  There is a convex border to the left mediastinum reflecting the opacity seen on CT in the left lower lobe consistent with  rounded atelectasis.  No left pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax. Impression: Moderate right pleural effusion with volume loss in the right lower and middle lobes and opacity at the right base and left lower lung (better seen on CT) likely atelectasis.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  This accentuates the size of the cardiac silhouette which is moderately enlarged.  The aorta remains diffusely calcified and markedly tortuous.  There is no pulmonary vascular engorgement.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Mild atelectatic changes are noted within the lung bases.  Left-sided dual-chamber pacemaker device
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Increase in interstitial markings bilaterally with perihilar distribution suggests mild-to-moderate interstitial edema.  Atypical infection is not entirely excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.  No lobar consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Findings suggest interstitial pulmonary edema, atypical infection is not entirely excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.']
['Findings: There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal size. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
["Findings:  Impression: Lung volumes are exceedingly low exaggerating heart size which is probably top-normal.  Perihilar opacification in the left lung could be unilateral edema or aspiration.  Followup advised. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Tip of the endotracheal tube is less than 15 mm from the carina, but the patient's mandible is flexed and given the low lung volumes the position is probably acceptable."]
['Findings: AP upright portable chest radiograph obtained.  The lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  No signs of CHF.  A nodular opacity projects in the left mid lung overlapping with the left posterior seventh rib arch, not clearly seen on the prior exam.  Aside from this, no definite nodules are seen.  Heart and mediastinal contours are normal.  Bony structures are intact.  Degenerative changes at the right AC joint noted with hypertrophic changes. Impression: Apparent nodule in the left mid lung, new from prior exam warrants a non-emergent chest CT.  Otherwise, unremarkable.']
['Findings: Bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis.  Bilateral hilar contours are prominent without nodularity.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.  Prior thoracolumbar posterior spinal surgery.  Prominent l small bowel oops in the left upper quadrant. Impression: Bilateral pleural effusions with basilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: As compared to chest radiograph from 1 day prior, small bilateral pleural effusions and basilar atelectasis have not substantially changed.  No overt pulmonary edema.  Heart size is normal.  No pneumothorax. Impression: Stable bilateral pleural effusions and basilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: Portable erect chest radiograph ___ at 21:53 is submitted. Impression: Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.  Lung volumes remain lower with patchy opacities at the bases likely reflecting atelectasis.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax.  No large effusions.', 'Findings:  Impression: The endotracheal tube and nasogastric tube have been
['Findings:  Impression: No acute pulmonary process identified.  No widening of the mediastinum identified.  If there is high concern for aortic dissection, then cross-sectional imaging could help for further assessment.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen.  The lung volumes are normal.  Fixation devices along the sternum are constant.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions.  No pneumonia.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the right IJ catheter has been removed.  There is increasing opacification at the left base, suggesting worsening pleural effusion, though some of the change could be a manifestation of the more upright posture of the patient.  Smaller right pleural effusion is seen.  There is no evidence of vascular congestion.  Substantial volume loss is present in the left lower lobe. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Interval extubation and removal of the nasogastric tube.  Mediastinal drains and left chest tube remain in place.  A right internal jugular central line continues to have its tip in the mid to distal SVC.  The patient is status post median sternotomy with overall stable post-operative cardiac and mediastinal contours.  Lungs appear well inflated without evidence of focal
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are well expanded and clear.  There are no focal consolidations.  There are no pleural effusions.  There is no pneumothorax.  Visualized osseous structures are grossly intact. Impression: No radiographic evidence of an acute cardiopulmonary process, no pleural effusions.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Left mild-to-moderate pleural effusion has increased since ___.  Left lung base opacity could be related to atelectasis, aspiration or pneumonia in appropriate clinical setting.  Mild pulmonary edema has completely resolved.  Mediastinal and cardiac contour are normal.  There is no pneumothorax.  CONCLUSION:  Left pleural effusion has worsened and is now mild-to-moderate.  Left lower lung opacity could be compatible with atelectasis and/or infection in appropriate clinical setting. Impression: ']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is top normal. Aorta is tortuous and demonstrates mild atherosclerotic calcifications diffusely. Hilar contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___ most recently ___.  Lungs are clear.  Heart size normal.  Granulomatous calcifications are present in both hilar and paratracheal lymph nodes.  Aorta is tortuous but normal size.  The innominate artery is heavily calcified.  There is no pleural effusion.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Mild eventration of the right diaphragm anteriorly. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is been interval removal of the right basilar chest tube with no definitive evidence of pneumothorax.  The appearance of the chest is otherwise unchanged with mild pulmonary vascular congestion but no overt pulmonary edema.  Minimal bilateral pleural effusions are stable.  The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged but unchanged.  The mediastinal contours are prominent with slight rightward deviation of the trachea by the aortic knob, which appears stable.  Lucencies adjacent to the trachea in the upper mediastinum likely reflect a distended, air-filled esophagus.  A retrocardiac fluid level on the lateral view corresponds to a hiatal hernia.  The imaged upper abdomen demonstrates gas-filled loops of bowel. Impression: Removal of right basilar chest tube with no evidence of pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest read in conjunction with most recent chest imaging, a CT on ___:  Relative hyperlucency of the entire right hemithorax could be due to prior right mastectomy.  There may be a very small component of pleural air laterally in the lower chest.  Right basal pleural tube extends from the
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little overall change.  Again, there is substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with tortuosity of the aorta and mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Retrocardiac opacification is consistent with volume loss in the lower lobe and pleural effusion.  There may be mild residual pleural fluid on the right. Impression: ', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  There is patchy left basilar opacification, but decreased, and probably compatible with atelectasis.  There is no definite pleural effusion, although an effusion would be difficult to exclude on the left side.  There is no pneumothorax.  Degenerative changes and spinal curvature appear similar along the visualized thoracolumbar spine. Impression: Patchy left basilar opacification, but decreased, and accordingly likely due to resolving atelectasis or potentially improving infection in the appropriate setting.', 'Findings: A frontal upright AP view of the chest was obtained portably.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Apparent elevation of the left hemid
['Findings: Streaky left basilar opacity is most suggestive of atelectasis.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___ since ___, most recently ___.  Left lower lobe is severely atelectatic.  Lungs otherwise clear.  Pleural effusion small on the left if any.  Heart size normal.  No pneumothorax.  No large lung nodules.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there has been a thoracentesis performed on the left with decrease in the amount of pleural fluid.  Specifically, no evidence of pneumothorax.  Engorgement of pulmonary vessels is consistent with vascular congestion.  No definite acute pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: in 22 patients. ___ et al, J Thorac Imaging ___;26:___).  No evidence of pneumothorax.  There is no pleural effusion on the right side. Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal and stable. Impression: ;   Following thoracocentesis, moderate-to-large left pleural effusion has substantially resolved with minimal residual effusion.  Bilateral lung volumes are low. Given the temporal development, new airspace opacities in the left
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.']
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are clear of confluent consolidation or pleural effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are notable for severe degenerative changes at the left glenohumeral joint. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There has been interval improvement in the right basal consolidation.  There is minimal residual perihilar opacity.  No new areas of consolidation seen.  No right-sided pleural effusion, trace left-sided pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.  Visualized bony structures are grossly within normal limits. Impression: New small left pleural effusion.  Interval improvement in the right basal consolidation.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  No displaced fractures on this nondedicated exam. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No visualized fracture.  If high clinical concern, consider dedicated rib series.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Slight increase in extent and severity of the pre-existing parenchymal opacities, likely reflecting areas of contusion.  Known rib fractures are of unchanged appearance.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  No larger pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Lung volumes have decreased.  Increase in severity of the right basal parenchymal opacities.  No change in appearance of the remaining lung parenchyma.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison ___.  Unchanged mild to moderate pulmonary edema.  Mild cardiomegaly persists.  No larger pleural effusions.  No pneumonia.  Known rib fractures.  The tiny right pneumothorax visualized on the CT examination from ___ is no longer be visible.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal. The aorta is mildly unfolded. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Minimal patchy op
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, pre-existing left lower lobe pneumonia has completely resolved.  Currently, there is no pathologic opacity in the lung parenchyma.  No pulmonary edema.  No lung nodules or masses.  No pathological scarring.  Mild degenerative vertebral disease.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal contours of the mediastinum and hilar structures. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  A dense retrocardiac opacity is present, which is confirmed with a prominent spine sign in the lateral view.  Otherwise, no other focal opacities are identified.  There might be small bilateral pleural effusions.  There is no pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia.  Repeat after treatment to document resolution.  These findings were communicated to Dr ___ by Dr ___ on ___ at 10 am immediately after discovery of the findings via phone.']
['Findings: Since ___, the mild interstitial edema has essentially resolved. Slightly low bilateral lung volumes, but otherwise the lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Probable top normal heart size. Mediastinal contours and hila are unchanged. Prominent dextroconvex scoliosis and mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are unchanged. Impression: 1.  Interval resolution of mild interstitial edema since ___.  2.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is the vague suggestion of some increased opacification silhouetting the most medial portion of the left hemidiaphragm.  This probably represents merely atelectasis, though in the appropriate clinical setting, the possibility of supervening pneumonia cannot be excluded.    Remainder of the study is unchanged. Impression: ', 'Findings: Heart size is normal. The aorta is tortuous, unchanged. Lungs are hyperinflated. There is no pulmonary edema. Mild coarse interstitial markings are seen bilaterally which could suggest chronic interstitial lung disease. No focal consolidation
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the there is again no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Impression: Normal chest radiographs.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right PICC line has been pulled back.  The tip of the line now projects over the mid SVC.  There is no evidence of complications, notably no pneumothorax.  Otherwise, unchanged as compared to the previous radiograph from ___, 3:53 p.m. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  There is no pneumothorax, pneumomediastinum, pleural effusions or focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  The lungs are well inflated and clear.  No acute bony abnormality is appreciated.  Several more focal nodular opacities in the left lower lung are felt to most likely represent vessels on end.  No discrete nodule is seen in the left upper lobe.  Follow up chest CT as recommended per the report of the neck CT performed on ___ is advised.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is detected.  Bibasilar linear opacities likely represent platelike atelectasis.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Right dual lumen HD catheter through the right internal jugular approach terminates at lower SVC.  There is no pneumothorax.  No evidence of pleural effusion.  Mild vascular congestion is present, however, no evidence of pulmonary edema. No opacities concerning for pneumonia.  Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: A tunneled right-sided internal jugular catheter tip remains in the low SVC.  The lungs are well inflated.  Focal poorly defined opacity at the left base is more apparent compared to 15 days ago.  No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax is present.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: 1.  Tunneled RIJ line at low SVC. 2.  Faint left basilar opacity could represent infection in the correct clinical context.  Correlate with exam and symptoms.', 'Findings:  Impression: Central venous catheter tip in the mid SVC. Enlargement of the pulmonary artery compatible with pulmonary arterial hypertension.']
['Findings: were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___,  M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 10:24 PM, 30 minutes after discovery of  the findings. WET READ VERSION #1 ___ ___ ___ 10:25 PM    1. Mildly increased opacity along the right heart border, which appears to be  new compared to CT from 2 days prior.  This could reflect pneumonia in the  right clinical setting, though atelectasis is also a consideration.  2. Retrocardiac opacity appears similar to CT scout from the day prior, likely  reflecting unchanged left base atelectasis.   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___,  M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 10:24 PM, 30 minutes after discovery of  the findings. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)  INDICATION:  ___ year old woman with HSV encephalitis  // interval change      interval change Impression: In comparison
['Findings: There is mild cardiomegaly, with prominence of the right heart border and possible prominence of the main pulmonary artery. Mild unfolding of the aorta. Azygous vein is top-normal in diameter. There is possible minimal upper zone redistribution, without other evidence of CHF. No focal infiltrate or effusion. The possibility of pericardial fluid cannot be excluded on the basis of this exam. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly, detailed above. No overt CHF.', 'Findings: Compared to the prior study, the cardiomediastinal silhouette is probably unchanged, but remains enlarged. On the current exam, there is slightly increased cephalization of vessels and probably slight increase in the degree of opacity at the right lung base. No gross effusion. The azygos vein remains enlarged. Impression: 1. Cardiomegaly, without significant change. The possibility of associated pericardial fluid cannot be excluded. 2. Persistence azygos enlargement suggesting right heart failure. 3. Upper zone redistribution and vascular plethora slightly more pronounced. Subtle confluent opacity may now be present at the right base. No air bronchograms or frank consolidation is identified
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged.  The visualized bones are intact. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Linear atelectasis is noted within the anterior aspect of the right middle lobe.  Lungs are otherwise clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: No previous images.  There is some hyperexpansion of the lungs on the lateral view, consistent with the clinical diagnosis of chronic pulmonary disease.  However, no acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable, and there is no pulmonary vascular engorgement.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  There are no displaced fractures identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Cardiomegaly is obscured by a adjacent pleuro parenchymal abnormalities. Moderate bilateral effusions with adjacent atelectasis have increased on the left. Mild to moderate pulmonary edema has increased. Left PICC tip is not clearly visualized due to technique.', 'Findings: were conveyed to ___ (medicine resident) by Dr. ___ ___ telephone  at 18:51 on ___ WET READ VERSION #1 ___ ___ ___ 6:53 PM  Persistent moderate left and small right pleural effusions with bibasilar  atelectasis, in addition to pulmonary edema. Possible trace right apical  pneumothorax status post thoracentesis.    Findings were conveyed to ___ (medicine resident) by Dr. ___ ___ telephone  at 18:51 on ___ ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)  INDICATION:  ___ year old woman with right sided chest pain, post-thoracentesis // pneumo
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities']
['Findings: Lung volumes are very low, as seen previously.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The aorta is tortuous.  Heart size appears slightly smaller than the previous exam.  The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Low lung volumes but no acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The heart is of normal size with normal cardiomediastinal contours.  Pulmonary vascular markings are normal.  Lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No radiopaque foreign body. Impression: No evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  No acute bony abnormalities are seen.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute abnormalities detected.']
['Findings: Right PICC terminates in mid SVC.  Left pleural pigtail catheter projects over the left lung base previous kink is resolved.  Small left pleural effusion is unchanged and possibly loculated. There is no pneumothorax.  There is persistent left lower lobe atelectasis.  Cardiac silhouette is normal size. Impression: Previous kinking of the left pleural catheter is resolved.  Left lower lobe atelectasis and small left pleural effusion are unchanged.  Pleural effusion may be loculated or otherwise inaccessible to drainage ___.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the left chest tube remains in place and the degree of pleural effusion is essentially unchanged.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  Opacification in the retrocardiac region is consistent with volume loss in the lower lobe. Mild atelectatic changes are seen on the right.  The tip of the central catheter is in the low SVC.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little overall change.  Again there are low lung volumes with continued opacification at the left base consistent
['Findings: Semi-erect AP views of the chest were obtained.  There are low lung volumes.  The right costophrenic angle is hazy and cannot exclude a small pleural effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax. Impression: Haziness at right costophrenic angle, cannot exclude small pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no focal consolidation.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion and the slight increase in upper mediastinal caliber is due to lower lung volumes and more vascular engorgement, not mediastinal bleeding.  Mild cardiomegaly is also worse and both hila are more engorged, attesting to volume overload or mild relative biventricular heart failure.  Pleural effusion is not appreciable and there is no pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: There has been interval placement of a right-sided internal jugular central venous catheter, terminating at the cavoatrial junction, without evidence of pneumothorax. There are relatively low
['Findings: The patient has received an endotracheal tube.  The tip of the tube projects 4 cm above the carina.  The tube could be advanced by 1 cm.  No evidence of complications, notably no pneumothorax.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  No focal parenchymal opacities suggesting pneumonia. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Single frontal portable view of the chest was performed.  Again seen is chronic diffuse interstitial reticulation with bronchiectasis as previously described.  Increased opacification at the left lung base may represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the correct clinical setting.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  There are no suspicious osseous lesions. Impression: Opacification of the left lung base may represent atelectasis, however, pneumonia cannot be excluded in the right clinical setting.', 'Findings:  Impression: Redemonstration of chronic interstitial abnormality. No evidence of congestive failure.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Unchanged appearance of lungs compared to ___.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiograph demonstrate post-CABG changes. The descending thoracic aorta is somewhat tortuous and calcified.  Otherwise, the cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.  Calcified body is noted in the soft tissues of the right breast with central lucency, unchanged compared to ___ and likely represents fat necrosis.  Degenerative changes noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable with the cardiac silhouette mildly enlarged and the aorta calcified and tortuous.  Coarse calcification in the right breast is again noted.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Suggestion of possible hiatal hernia is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Heart size is top-normal.  Mediastinal contours unremarkable.  There is no pulmonary edema. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  COPD.']
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Ill-defined airspace opacities are most conspicuous in the right mid to upper lung.  Mild perihilar vascular congestion is noted.  Heart size is normal.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are otherwise unremarkable.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is normal. Impression: Ill-defined airspace opacities, most pronounced in right mid-to-upper lung, may represent infection in the appropriate clinical setting.', 'Findings: Low lung volumes are noted. There is persistent pulmonary edema which has slightly improved when compared to prior. There is no pleural effusion or focal consolidation. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in configuration given lower lung volumes. No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Pulmonary edema which has slightly improved since ___.', 'Findings: The heart is borderline in size.  The mediastinal and cardiac contours appear stable.  There is new bilateral hilar fullness with vascular engorgement including indistinct margins, most consistent with mild to moderate pulmonary edema.  Fissures are thickened. 
['Findings: Frontal view of the chest demonstrates low lung volumes.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart size is normal.  There is mild perihilar vascular congestion.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is an endotracheal tube terminating approximately 3.2 cm above the level of the carina.  An enteric tube terminates in the stomach.  The lungs are clear, though the right costophrenic angle is not included in the view of this radiograph.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no pulmonary edema.  The heart is normal in size. Impression: Appropriate position of support lines.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Right IJ central venous catheter terminating at the upper SVC.']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable. There is a persistent small pleural effusion, perhaps increased.  There is no pleural effusion on the left.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: Small right-sided pleural effusion, otherwise unremarkable.', 'Findings: Moderate-sized loculated collection in the right lower lung is new since ___.  Moderate amount of right lower lung atelectasis is present. Left lung and right upper lung are clear.  Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  Right pigtail catheter seen on the prior radiograph has been removed. Impression: Mild-to-moderate loculated fluid in the right lower lung is new following the removal of the right pigtail drain tube.  Right lower lung atelectasis is mild to moderate and persisting.', 'Findings: Combination of right-sided pleural effusion and thickening are unchanged.  Adjacent atelectasis in the right lower lobe also unchanged.  The left lung remains clear.  The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged, without adenopathy.  Multilevel degenerative changes of the spine.  No path
['Findings: Compared to the prior chest radiograph, the PA view is more under penetrated.  However, there is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  There may be slight bibasilar atelectasis.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are unchanged and are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Supine portable frontal chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and fairly well-aerated lungs without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No nondisplaced rib fracture or other sequela of acute trauma is identified.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No sequela of acute trauma visualized.  If there is continued concern for rib fracture, dedicated radiographs can be obtained.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change.  Known enlargement of the esophagus.  Unchanged appearance of the lung parenchyma.  No evidence of recent pneumonia or pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  No change in appearance of the normal cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  There is a more discrete region of consolidation in the right lower lobe on the current exam worrisome for development of infiltrate or potentially due to aspiration.  Well-defined opacities are also seen in the bilateral perihilar regions, similar to prior.  Biapical scarring is again noted.  Diffuse dilatation of at least the proximal half of the esophagus is noted.  Rounded density in the retrocardiac region is compatible with known cyst seen on CT of the chest from ___.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: New right lower lobe opacity worrisome for pneumonia in the proper clinical setting.  Bilateral perihilar opacities as on prior, potentially due to aspiration or chronic lung changes.  Please correlate clinically.  Repeat exam after
['Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Dense atherosclerotic calcifications are seen at the aortic knob.  Hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.']
['Findings: There is persistent left hemidiaphragm elevation, with resulting left basilar atelectasis.  However, superimposed infection would be difficult to exclude in the appropriate clinical setting.  Prominent interstitial markings are unchanged across multiple prior examinations, and suggests underlying chronic lung disease.  Right lung is otherwise essentially clear.  No effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart is normal in size.  Right shoulder arthroplasty is noted. Significant wedge compression of the lower thoracic spine with resulting kyphosis is unchanged. Impression: Left basilar consolidation, largely due to compressive atelectasis in the setting of left hemidiaphragm elevation.  However, superimposed pneumonia would be difficult to exclude in the appropriate clinical setting.  Otherwise no relevant change compared to ___.', 'Findings: There is a moderate diffuse interstitial abnormality suggesting pulmonary vascular congestion.  Otherwise, the lungs appear clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Mild-to-moderate relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm compared to the right appears unchanged.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  The aortic arch is calcified.  The medi
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change. Cardiac silhouette is within upper limits of normal in size.  There is mild blunting of the right costophrenic angle.  No acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Right pleural effusion and overlying atelectasis are again seen, but appear somewhat increased since the prior study. The right aspect of the cardiac silhouette is not well assessed due to overlying opacity, but the cardiac silhouette is likely top-normal but possibly mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are grossly stable. There is mild prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature suggesting vascular engorgement. No pneumothorax is seen. Impression: Right pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis appear somewhat increased as compared to the prior study. Central pulmonary vascular engorgement.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the Dobbhoff tube extends to the distal stomach. Relatively low lung volumes accentuate the prominence of the transverse diameter of the heart.  Areas of opacification at the right base have decreased, now with a pattern that suggests ple
['Findings: The lungs are hyperexpanded but clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: Hyperinflation without acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the patient has taken a much better inspiration.  The areas of increased opacification especially in the right mid and lower zones are no longer seen.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion or acute focal pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Moderate right pleural effusion is larger.  Right lung is grossly clear.  Small left pleural effusion is likely.  No pneumothorax.  Heart size normal.  Right jugular line ends in the upper SVC.', 'Findings: Bilateral lung volumes are low.  In comparison 04:28 portable chest radiograph, there is mild improvement of the small left pleural effusion and decreased level of opacification of the retrocardiac lung regions suggesting improved ventilation.  The right IJ is in stable position terminating in mid SVC.  Moderate cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion are stable and unchanged from prior study.  No pneumothorax nor consolidation seen. Impression: 1.  Since ___:28 chest radiograph, there has been mild improvement
["Findings: There is right middle lobe opacity, which may be combination of atelectasis and patient's known lung cancer, which is better assessed on CT from ___.  There is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  There is no new consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: 1. Right middle lobe opacity, likely combination of atelectasis and and known lung cancer, better assessed on prior CT on ___. 2. No new consolidation."]
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouettes are stable and within normal limits.  The bilateral hila are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___.  Lower lung volumes exaggerate mild to moderate cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema, reflected in engorgement of mediastinal veins.  Pleural effusions are presumed but not substantial.  Skin fold should not be mistaken for left pneumothorax.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest ___ at 15 44 are submitted. Impression: There are stable small bilateral effusions. Lungs are relatively well inflated. Linear opacity at the left base likely reflects subsegmental atelectasis. There is some crowding of the vasculature due to relatively low volumes but no evidence of pulmonary edema or pneumothorax. Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable. Overall, there is improved aeration at both lung bases.', 'Findings: A right internal jugular central line terminates in the right atrium and should be retracted for more optimal positioning. Lung volumes are low.  There is abnormally widened appearance of the mediastinum which could reflect suboptimal imaging technique. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Heart size is unchanged. The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: 1.  Right internal jugular central line terminates in the right atrium. Recommend retracting by 3 cm to be at the cavoatrial junction. 2.  Mediastinal widening, new from prior, may reflect portable technique. Recommend repeat with more optimal technique to resolve this finding. Alternatively, if there is concern for
['Findings:  Impression: Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum and pleural surfaces.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided.  The lungs appear clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.  Please refer to same day chest CT for further details.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear of consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Calcified left base granuloma is again noted.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No focal consolidation.']
['Findings:  Impression: Normal lung volumes.  Mild scoliosis.  Unremarkable appearance of the lung parenchyma.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes are appropriate. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Prominence of the right supracardiac mediastinal border may reflect enlargement of the ascending aorta. The cardiac and hilar contours are within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality is detected.  Orthopedic screws are noted in the left humeral head. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Prominence of the right supracardiac mediastinal border may reflect enlargement of the ascending aorta.']
['Findings: Mild widening of the mediastinal silhouette is likely due to known mediastinal lymphadenopathy, better assessed on recent CT Chest from ___.  A loculated pleural effusion is seen in the right lower lung, also better assessed on CT Chest.  The left lung appears clear.  The heart is moderately enlarged.  Tortuosity of the aorta is noted.  No pneumothorax.  Mild blunting of costophrenic angle.  Mild congestion. Impression: 1. No evidence of active tuberculosis. 2. Mild widening of the mediastinal silhouette is likely due to known mediastinal lymphadenopathy, better assessed on the recent CT Chest from ___. 3. Loculated pleural effusion the right lower lung, also better assessed on CT Chest.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs ___.  Moderate cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular engorgement are unchanged.  Right pleural scarring elevates the diaphragmatic pleural surface.  There is probably no pleural effusion  NOTIFICATION:  No focal consolidation.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded and clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified.  Minimal loss of vertebral body height in the mid thoracic spine is unchanged from CT ___. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal, and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Mild degenerative changes are similar along the thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings:  Impression: There are no abnormalities conforming to the cluster of irregular opacity seen on the previous study except for minimal bronchial wall thickening in the anterior segment of the right upper lobe.  Unless there was a pulmonary abnormality that has cleared in less than 2 days, the questioned lung lesions are probably calcifications in the right fourth anterior rib cartilage.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well expanded lungs.  Note is made of a subtle opacity in the right mid lung, which is not definitely seen on the lateral view.  It is unclear if this finding is within the lung, or due to overlapping structures.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: 1.  Subtle opacity in the right mid lung is of uncertain etiology.  Could overlap of structures versus pulmonary nodule.   RECOMMENDATION(S):  Subtle opacity in the right mid lung is of uncertain etiology.  Recommend further evaluation with shallow oblique radiographs, or CT of the chest.  NOTIFICATION:  Updated impression and recommendations were emailed to be ED
['Findings: Lower lung volumes seen on the current exam with secondary crowding of the bronchovascular markings and streaky left greater than right bibasilar opacities.  Of note, skin fold projects over the right upper lung.  There is no large effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Surgical clips in the right upper quadrant suggest prior cholecystectomy. Impression: Low lung volumes with secondary crowding of the bronchovascular markings.  Left greater than right basilar opacities likely atelectasis although infection is not entirely excluded.', 'Findings: There is persistent mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  Patchy lingular opacity appears somewhat linear on lateral view and most likely is due to atelectasis although consolidation due to pneumonia is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal. Impression: Likely lingular atelectasis, underlying pneumonia not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.  No pleural effusion.', 'Findings: The thoracic aorta is mildly calc
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  Nodular opacities projecting over the right hila is unchanged since at least ___ and may represent prominent vessel on end versus hilar lymphadenoapthy. No focal parenchymal opacities are seen bilaterally.  Mild vascular cephalization is present. The heart is moderately enlarged, and appears slightly worsened compared with ___.  An AICD generator is noted overlying the left upper hemithorax, with three leads ending in expected positions.  Sternotomy wires are intact. Ring markers from prior CABG surgery are also stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Mild vascular congestion in the setting of moderate cardiomegaly. The cardiomegaly appears slightly worsened from ___.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous structures are unremarkable.  Of note, the trachea is deviated to the left at the thoracic inlet. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Leftward deviation of the trachea at the thoracic inlet which may be due to underlying right-sided thyroid enlargement or nodule and dedicated thyroid ultrasound is suggested.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Again seen is rightward deviation of the trachea, likely reflective of known enlarged thyroid gland. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: New homogeneous triangular retrocardiac opacity without air bronchograms. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or pulmonary edema.  Heart size is mildly enlarged with normal mediastinal contour and hila.  No bony abnormality. Impression: New left lower lobe collapse.  Results were conveyed via telephone to Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ on ___ at 2:10 p.m. within 10 minutes of observation of findings.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  Lung volumes are somewhat low, though, allowing for this, there is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  The imaged bony structures appear intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings, specifically no evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopul
['Findings: The presumed bibasal atelectatic changes have resolved.  The heart size is normal. No airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses.  No pleural effusion.  Spondylotic changes of the thoracic spine. Impression: Interval resolution of the bibasal atelectasis.  No new airspace consolidation.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there are low lung volumes which may account for the prominence of the transverse diameter of the heart.  Some indistinctness of pulmonary vessels could reflect some elevated pulmonary venous pressure and there are atelectatic changes at both bases.  The opacification in the right costophrenic angle has decreased since the previous study. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates moderate right sided somewhat loculated pleural effusion with associated basilar atelectasis.  There is no appreciable left-sided pleural effusion.  A linear opacity overlying the a right lower lung zone is most consistent with atelectasis.  The left lung is grossly clear without focal consolidation.  Mediastinum and hilar contours are stable in appearance.  There is no pneum
['Findings:  Impression: Right pigtail catheter has been removed.  Right apical pneumothorax has increased, currently with the pleural line overlying the posterior aspect of the fourth rib.  There is no appreciable pleural effusion.  Left lung is clear.  Mediastinum is unremarkable.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation or pleural effusion is identified.  There is a persistent lucency projecting over the peripheral right lung base which may reflect the basal pneumothorax.  The right apical pneumothorax is not definitively identified.  The size of the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits.  There is mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Impression: Unchanged lucency at the right lung base likely reflects a basal pneumothorax. No discernible right apical pneumothorax is identified.', 'Findings: A right pigtail catheter is again present.  Minimal if any residual pneumothorax is noted.  No focal consolidation or pleural effusion.  The size the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: Right-sided chest tube in-situ.  Minimal if
['Findings:  Impression: Severe cardiomegaly is chronic.  Lungs are clear and there is no particular pulmonary vascular congestion.  Right subclavian infusion port ends close to the superior cavoatrial junction.  No pleural abnormality.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear of confluent consolidation, effusion, or pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is moderate-to-severe enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.  Mild compression deformity is seen in the mid thoracic spine which is age indeterminate. Impression: 1.  Enlargement of the cardiac silhouette which may be due to cardiomegaly, although pericardial effusion is also possible.  Consider echocardiogram. 2.  Mild height loss of a mid thoracic vertebral body, age indeterminate and clinical correlation is suggested.', 'Findings: Right pectoral infusion port terminates in the low SVC.  No consolidation, pneumothorax, or a large pleural effusion is identified.  Cardiac silhouette is markedly enlarged.  Small area of scarring is noted in the peripheral left mid lung. 
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There are relatively low lung volumes.  Minimal left base atelectasis is seen.  There is also linear opacity at the lateral right lung base also likely relating to atelectasis/scarring.  No new focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable.  Multiple surgical clips are seen in the pelvis.  An additional ovoid radiopaque object again projects over the thoracolumbar junction. Impression: No significant interval change.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The heart is at the upper limits of normal size.  The lung volumes are low.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged. There is again mild upper zone redistribution of the pulmonary vascularity.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Surgical clips project over the right upper quadrant. Impression: Slight evidence for pulmonary venous hypertension without overt congestion heart failure.',
['Findings: Mild prominence of interstitial markings is again noted and stable in comparison to prior studies, likely chronic.  There is increased opacity overlying the right lower lobe which may be representative of a developing pneumonia.  Otherwise, the remainder of the lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette remains stable.  The aorta appears mildly tortuous. Impression: Opacity overlying the right lower lobe may be representative of a developing pneumonia.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there are continued low lung volumes.  No evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusions Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  The previously seen left lung base opacity has resolved.  There is no new consolidation.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Chronic rib deformities are again noted. Impression: Normal chest radiographs.', 'Findings: Portable frontal chest radiographs shows increased opacity over the left lung base.  This may be partially due to overlying soft tissue; however, it may be consolidation for an underlying infection or aspiration.  The lung volumes are low.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  There are chronic degenerative changes in the left shoulder. Impression: Left lung opacity raises the possibility of underlying infection or aspiration.  If the patient is able, PA and lateral views would be helpful for further evaluation.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  A tiny left pleural effusion is best seen on lateral radiograph.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  An old healed fracture of the right posterior ninth rib is re-demonstrated.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Impression: A tiny left pleural effusion is seen.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  Pulmonary embolism cannot be evaluated on routine radiograph of the chest.', 'Findings:  Impression: Small left pleural effusion is new.  Lungs are clear.  There is no right pleural effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. Relatively low lung volumes with borderline size of the cardiac silhouette. Mild elongation of the descending aorta.  Minimal atelectasis at the left lung bases, projecting over the left costophrenic sinus.  No larger pleural effusions.  No pneumonia.'
['Findings: The lungs are clear. Hyperinflated lungs.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax appear The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  There is no free air beneath the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.  Stat read was called by Dr. ___ to Dr. ___ at 10:58 a.m. the time of discovery on ___ via telephone.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear and well expanded, without pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal consolidation.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The right middle lobe cavitation seen on prior chest CT examination has thinner walls reflecting improving infection.  Right lower and middle lobe scarring is stable.  The mediastinal contour, cardiac border, and bilateral hemidiaphragms are normal without evidence of focal consolidation or pleural effusion.  There is no pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.  A right dual-lumen infusion port is present with distal tip terminating in the lower SVC. Impression: 1. Improving right middle lobe cavitation. 2. Right infusion port in appropriate position.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are low compared to prior exam.  However, there is no focal consolidation.  There is mild increased pulmonary pressure.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Left axillary 2 lead pacemaker with tip terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle again seen.  Soft tissue anchors are seen in the right humeral head. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were provided.  Dual-lead pacer is unchanged.  The heart remains mildly enlarged.  There is no evidence of pneumonia, effusion, or pneumothorax.  There is no overt pulmonary edema, though cannot exclude mild interstitial edema.  Anchors are noted in the right humeral head.  Bony structures are stable. Impression: Possible mild interstitial edema.  Stable mild cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  Again seen is a left-sided 2 lead pacemaker with the leads terminating in the right atrium and ventricle.  There appears to be more pronounced right perihilar prominence than on prior examinations, which in the appropriate clinical context,
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Mild basilar atelectasis noted on the frontal view.  Otherwise lungs are clear.  There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  No congestion or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable with top-normal heart size.  Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: As above.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No fracture is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.  The lungs are clear, despite low volume accentuating bronchovascular markings.  There is no pneumothorax, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the CT angiogram, there is worsening opacity throughout the right lung, which may reflect aspiration, hemorrhage, or asymmetric pulmonary edema superimposed on numerous pulmonary nodules. Severe enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is seen. Blunting of the costophrenic angle on the left is consistent with pleural effusion and basilar atelectasis. Multiple pulmonary nodules are seen in the left upper lung.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change. Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with bilateral pulmonary opacifications, bilateral pleural effusions and basilar atelectasis, and multiple pulmonary nodules in the left upper lung.']
['Findings: . Heart is mildly enlarged.  Hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal. Impression: Focal abnormality in the infrahilar right lung has improved since ___.  This might have been pneumonia or atelectasis.  As far as one can tell on this conventional bedside chest radiograph, lungs are now clear. Conventional radiographs might be helpful looking for more subtle findings. Heart is mildly enlarged.  Hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low. Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis has increased, particularly at the left base.  There is no pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinum are magnified by the projection. Impression: New bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: The left-sided central line is unchanged position. There are low lung volumes. There are small bilateral effusions. There is bibasilar atelectasis and a left retrocardiac opacity. There is mild pulmonary edema, stable.', 'Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is top normal, unchanged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are similar.
['Findings: There is no radiographic evidence for focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: . Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is no interval change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or old granulomatous disease. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear but hyperinflated.  Cardiac silhouette is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No mediastinal air. Impression: No evidence of mediastinal air.  Hyperinflated lungs.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the prior study there is interval resolution of pulmonary edema. Bilateral pleural effusions have developed in the interim as part of the resorption of the pulmonary edema.  Left retrocardiac atelectasis is unchanged as well as cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: Left lower lobe is completely collapsed, likely on the basis of mucous plugging as the left lower lobe bronchus appears opacified.  Small pleural effusions are present bilaterally.  Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged, and accompanied by pulmonary vascular congestion and minimal interstitial edema. Impression: ', 'Findings: were discussed by Dr. ___ with  Dr. ___ on the telephone on ___ at 5:41 PM, 1 minutes after discovery  of the findings. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT HISTORY:  Thoracentesis, to assess for pneumothorax.  FINDINGS:  In comparison with the study of earlier on this date, there has been a right thoracentesis with removal of substantial amount of
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: The lung volumes are normal. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures. No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema. No pleural effusions.  No evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis. Impression: Normal chest radiograph without evidence of tuberculosis.']
['Findings: PA and lateral images of the chest.    The lungs are well expanded.  Atelectasis is seen in the right bilateral lung bases.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged.  Known tracheal stenosis is noted. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.    2.  Cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette, with calcification of the aortic knob. Again seen is a 3.1 cm mass in the left mid lung, which corresponds to a mass seen on prior CT and is unchanged.  The opacity in the lingula or left lower lobe inferior to this mass is improved compared to ___. No new focal consolidation to suggest bacterial pneumonia is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: 1. No new focal consolidation to suggest bacterial pneumonia.  Improved lingular/left lower lobe opacity. 2. Unchanged 3.1 cm mass in the left mid lung.', 'Findings: to Dr.___ By telephone on ___ at 12:34 PM, 1 minutes after discovery of the findings. Impression: 3 cm wide left lung nodule conforms to the small mass seen on chest CT scan.  Inferior this lesion is heterogeneous opacification of the lingula or left lower lobe that could be pneumonia.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Right lung volume is low and basilar linear abnormality is
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Normal heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intra thoracic process.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no focal lung consolidation. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lung fields are clear. There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  No acute fracture seen.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear. 
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison to ___ chest radiograph, cardiomediastinal contours are stable.  Lung volumes are lower than on the prior study with associated crowding of bronchovascular structures at the bases.  With the exception of minor bibasilar atelectasis, lungs are grossly clear with no definite new areas of consolidation to suggest a site of pneumonia.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The aorta demonstrates diffuse atherosclerotic calcifications.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Tiny left pleural effusion is noted.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Tiny left pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality', 'Findings: Lung volume is low.  There is no consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size.  There is no pulmonary edema. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  Again appreciated is a tortuous aorta.  There is prominence of the perihilar and basilar the pulmonary vasculature compatible with pulmonary congestion/edema.  There is a right subpleural density which correlates to a calcified pleural plaque on CT.  There is mild bibasilar atelectasis.  There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  No acute bony changes identified. Impression: Mildly prominent perihilar and basilar pulmonary vasculature compatible with fluid overload/congestion.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the preoperative chest x-ray, bibasilar consolidations, left more than right, are seen.  The findings could represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  Unchanged moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  The presence of a minimal left pleural effusion cannot be excluded.  No right pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are hyperexpanded and there is flattening of the diaphragms, suggestive of COPD. There are two 4 mm rounded densities in the left and right upper lobes bilaterally, suggestive of pulmonary nodules. There is increased density within the right apex, for which further evaluation with CT is recommended.  There is no  pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Asymmetric increased density in the right apex, for which further evaluation with CT is recommended.  Findings discussed with ___ by ___ via telephone on ___ at 10:20.']
['Findings: Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is mild left base atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear. Lateral left pleural thickening is unchanged from prior study. Pleural surfaces are otherwise clear without effusion or pneumothorax.  No overt traumatic findings. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No overt traumatic findings.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged.  There is mild lingular atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Impression: Mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with possible lingular atelectasis.  No overt pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Since ___, there has been interval placement of a dual-chamber ICD.  The leads are intact and follow their expected courses into the right atrium and right ventricle.  Severe cardiomegaly is unchanged.  No pulmonary vascular congestion, pulmonary edema, or pleural effusions.  Lungs are fully expanded
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Linear opacity within the left upper lobe likely reflects an area of scarring. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. There are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no pulmonary edema.  The heart is normal in size, and the mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, edema, or effusion.  Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm is noted.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits noting a tortuous thoracic aorta with atherosclerotic calcifications at the arch.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  The lungs are mildly hyperinflated.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Mild cardiomegaly is stable.  An implanted loop recorder in the left chest is in stable position.  Surgical clips remain at the gastroesophageal junction. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated. Slight increased right basilar opacity is seen on the frontal but not definitively corroborated on the lateral. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged but not likely changed since prior given slightly lower lung volumes on the current exam.  Surgical clips project over the mid upper abdomen. Chronic changes seen in the left posterior eighth rib. Impression: Increased opacity at the right lung base on the frontal view not definitely corroborated on the lateral may be due to atelectasis although infection or aspiration is not entirely excluded.', 'Findings: The tip of the left PICC line projects over the upper SVC.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.  The size of the cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged.  Chronic appearing left eighth rib
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate normal heart size.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  On the lateral view bronchiectasis projects over the heart, better evaluated on subsequent chest CT.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No displaced rib fracture. Impression: No pneumonia.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Linear bibasilar opacities may be due to atelectasis versus scarring.  Thelungs are clear of confluent consolidation or effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Single supine AP portable view of the chest was obtained.  The lungs are hyperinflated, which may be due to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The aorta is calcified and tortuous.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal to mildly enlarged.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the tip of the right subclavian PICC line extends to the lower SVC near the cavoatrial junction.  Bilateral pleural effusions are seen an there is retrocardiac opacification consistent with volume loss in the left lower lobe.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs, ___.  Moderate bibasilar atelectasis, look worsened since ___.  Upper lungs clear.  Heart size normal.  No appreciable pleural effusion.', 'Findings: The size the cardiac silhouette is enlarged.  There are new patchy airspace opacities bilaterally as well as layering bilateral pleural effusions in keeping with pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax identified.  Skin ___ project over the lower neck. Impression: New pulmonary edema with layering bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings:  Impression: No comparison.  On the current image, a device appears to be coiled in the pharynx.  However, no endotracheal tube is visualized in tracheal position.  Low lung volumes.  Predominantly
['Findings: The lungs are fully expanded and clear. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.  Normal chest radiograph.  NOTIFICATION:  No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Cardiac size is top-normal.  There are low lung volumes.  Right lower lobe opacities are likely atelectasis.  Right subclavian catheter tip is in the lower SVC.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion', 'Findings: The right Port-A-Cath tip projects over the expected region of the mid SVC, unchanged.  Vascular stent projects over the left upper mediastinum, unchanged.  Clips project over the left lateral apex, also unchanged.  The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  No focal consolidation, edema, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinum is not widened.  Aortic knob calcifications are mild.  Detailed evaluation of the right apex is slightly obscured by catheter projecting over the lateral aspect of the right apex, presumed external to the patient.  Dystrophic calcification in the left axillary region is unchanged. Impression: No focal pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right internal jugular vein catheter has been
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable, accounting for mild pectus excavatum deformity.  There is a 2-mm round metallic radiopacity external to the patient overlying the right sternoclavicular joint.  CONCLUSION: No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Impression: ', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is fullness in the region of the AP window corresponding to the pulmonary outflow tract, which may be normal in young female population.  If there is a murmur on clinical exam, this could represent pulmonic stenosis.  This finding is unchanged since ___.  The cardiac silhouette is unremarkable.  There are no acute skeletal abnormalities. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  As on prior, there is obscuration of the right heart border which is likely secondary to mild pectus deformity.  The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion or pneumoth
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lung volumes are low, exaggerating mild cardiomegaly and bronchovascular crowding.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No radiopaque foreign body. Body habitus has changed substantially over ___ years. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly, new since ___. Interval weight gain.  Low lung volumes.  No focal consolidation.']
['Findings: Compared to the prior examination, lung volumes are decreased.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural abnormality. Accounting for differences in lung volumes, heart size is unchanged.  Cardiomediastinal hilar silhouettes are normal. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Shallow inspiration with minimal bibasilar atelectasis, improved from prior.  No consolidation.  Normal cardiac silhouette.   This preliminary report was reviewed with Dr. ___, ___ radiologist. Impression: Improved minimal bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are overall stable.  Lungs are essentially clear except for right basal opacities that is concerning for potentially infectious process versus atelectasis.  Correlation with lateral chest radiograph goals along the same suggestion.  There is no appreciable pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: No previous images. The heart is normal in size and the lungs are clear without vascular congestion or pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___,
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated without focal consolidation.  Subcentimeter rounded opacity projecting over the left mid lung may be due to a vessel on-end versus a calcified granuloma.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: Top-normal to mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette size without pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: There is a fracture of the left scapula, infra-glenoid in location. The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Small displaced bony fragment projects over the mid scapula.  There is no clear evidence for rib fracture. Impression: No evidence for thoracic injury.  Left scapula fracture.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. The endotracheal tube has been minimally advanced, the tip of the tube now projects approximately 3.8 cm above the carina.  The right and left internal jugular venous devices are unchanged.  The course of the nasogastric tube is also unchanged.  Mild-to-moderate bilateral pleural effusions continue to be present.  These effusions cause bilateral areas of atelectasis at the lung bases.  In addition, signs of mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema are seen only minimally worsened as compared to the previous image.  Moderate cardiomegaly persists. Impression: ', 'Findings: Support and monitoring devices are unchanged in position except for apparent re-positioning of left internal jugular catheter now terminating in the left brachiocephalic vein and previously in the superior vena cava.  Cardiomediastinal contours are stable.  Improving multifocal opacities with right mid and bilateral lower lung distribution, likely due to multifocal pneumonia and atelectasis.  Small pleural effusions are unchanged, and there is no visible pneumothorax. Impression:
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  There is persistent left basilar opacity and blunting of the posterior costophrenic angle.  Elsewhere, the lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged and likely enlarged but difficult to assess given silhouetting of the left heart border.  Dual-lead left chest wall pacing device is again seen.  Hypertrophic changes noted in the spine. Impression: Left basilar opacity silhouetting the hemidiaphragm is likely due to a combination of effusion, atelectasis and possible underlying consolidation.  Probable small right-sided pleural effusion as well.', 'Findings: There is mild cardiomegaly that is unchanged.  The mediastinal silhouette is normal.  The lungs are clear without evidence of focal opacities or pulmonary edema.  The hila are within normal limits.  There is no evidence of pleural effusions which is an interval improvement from prior study. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary etiology consistent with cough.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is top-normal, unchanged.  Mediastinum is stable.  Small
['Findings:  Impression: Lungs are clear. The heart is not enlarged. Enteric tube courses through the esophagus and beyond the field of view. There is no subdiaphragmatic free air.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  Lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal contour is stable. No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: No acute findings.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are unremarkable.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits.  The bilateral hila are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size remains top normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Borderline cardiomegaly is chronic.  Mediastinal contours are normal.  There are no displaced rib fractures. Impression: Chronic borderline cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no new focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.    Dr. ___ ___ these results with Dr. ___ at 11:35 a.m., at the time of discovery via telephone.', 'Findings: The heart size is within normal limits.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.  The lungs are clear, with a possible exception of trace streaky atelectasis in the left base.  No pneumothorax, vascular congestion or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are normal. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures. Mild scoliosis of the thoracic spine.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary vascular congestion, or pneumothorax.  A surgical clip is noted overlying the abdomen, unchanged.  The heart size is normal.  The cardiac, hilar, and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged.  The aorta is tortuous.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No displaced rib fracture is identified.  Mild degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  No displaced rib fracture identified.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  If there is continued concern for rib fracture, consider a dedicated rib series']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were performed.  The left posterior sulcus, as seen on the lateral view, is blunted, due to either a small effusion or pleural scarring.  Atelectasis is seen at the left lung base, best appreciated on the lateral view.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  The hilar and pleural structures are unremarkable.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities appreciated. Impression: Left basilar atelectasis. Very small left pleural effusion or scarring.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  The lungs are fully expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No structural abnormality or central lymphadenopathy appreciated.']
['Findings: Compared to prior radiograph, there has been interval withdrawal of the left chest tube which now projects adjacent to the left lower mediastinum. Otherwise, lines and tubes are unchanged in position.  Lung volumes remain low.  There is right greater than left lung opacity.  There are small bilateral pneumothoraces.  There is no large pleural effusion.  Multiple bilateral rib fractures are noted.  Again seen, is extensive subcutaneous emphysema.  There are severe degenerative changes about the right glenohumeral joint. Impression: 1. Small bilateral pneumothoraces. 2. Interval retraction of the left chest tube which now projects adjacent to the lower of mediastinum.', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube ends approximately 2.5 cm above the carina.  A nasoenteric tube enters the stomach with the tip not visualized.  A left chest wall pacer lead project over the right atrium and right ventricle, as expected.  There are bilateral chest tubes.  Right projects over the lower right cardiac border and left chest tube projects over the inferior mid cardiac border.  There is no large pleural effusion.  A
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___.  Small-to-moderate right and small left pleural effusion have increased, mild interstitial pulmonary edema and mediastinal and pulmonary vascular engorgement and borderline cardiomegaly are unchanged.  No pneumothorax.  No pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Small layering bilateral effusions with mild perihilar edema.  Overall, cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  No pneumothorax.  No acute bony abnormality seen.']
['Findings:  Impression: Endotracheal tube tip is 0.6 cm from the carina.  Retraction is recommended.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there has been a minimal pulling back of the endotracheal tube.  The tube however, still projects 2.3 cm above the carina, the tube could be pulled back another 0.5-1 cm.  The other monitoring and support devices are in correct position.  The orogastric tube has a normal course, the tube is coiled in the stomach.  No evidence of complications, notably no pneumothorax.  Unchanged appearance of the lung parenchyma and the cardiac silhouette. Impression: ']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Clips from prior cholecystectomy are seen in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Again noted punctate small calcific nodules as also noted in the prior study. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Focal consolidation is seen in the right middle lobe obscuring the right heart border, compatible with pneumonia. Subtle opacity in the left lung base adjacent to the left heart border may represent an early pneumonia in the lingula. Otherwise lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: Right middle lobe pneumonia and probable early pneumonia in the lingula.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine Impression: Resolved pneumonia', 'Findings: New multifocal consolidation, more prominent in lingula.  Mediastinal and cardiac contours are within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  CONCLUSION:  New bilateral multifocal consolidation.  This is most likely consistent with multifocal pneumonia.  However, this patient was investigated
['Findings: The lungs well expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Shrapnel is seen projecting over the anterior right upper chest.  No focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Minimal left base atelectasis is seen.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No definite focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  Possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion.']
['Findings: A portable frontal chest radiograph demonstrates mild to moderate cardiomegaly.  The aorta appears either tortuous or aneurysmal in the ascending portion. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No intra-abdominal free air is seen. Impression: 1. No intra-abdominal free air. 2. Either tortuous or aneurysmal ascending aorta.  If further evaluation is required, CT can be obtained for further evaluation. 3. Mild to moderate cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: could be further eval on f/u  chest CT I+ ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT HISTORY:  Cough and mild crackles on exam.  Assess for acute process.  TECHNIQUE:  AP upright and lateral radiographs of the chest.  COMPARISON:  None.  FINDINGS:  Lungs are low in volume giving the appearance of bronchovascular crowding.  Linear left basal likely atelectasis is seen, early consolidation not excluded.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  The heart is top normal in size with tortuous contour of the ascending aorta.  There is prominence of the ascending aorta without priors for comparison, underlying ascending aortic aneurysm is not excluded. Findings could be further eval on f/u chest CT I+ Impression: Linear left basal likely atelectasis is seen, early consolidation not excluded.  Prominence of the ascending aorta without priors for comparison, underlying ascending aortic aneur
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Comparison is made to previous study from ___.  There has been placement of a Dobbhoff tube with the distal tip within the distal body of the stomach.  Heart size is within normal limits.  There is again seen mild pulmonary edema and coarsening of the bronchovascular markings.  The edema has improved since the prior study.  No pneumothoraces are present.  Healed fractures deformity of the right proximal humerus and calcifications in the coracoclavicular region are again seen. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has received a new nasogastric tube.  The course of the tube is unremarkable, the tip of the tube projects over the middle parts of the stomach.  There is no evidence of complication, notably no pneumothorax.  There are no other relevant changes. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Lungs are well expanded and probably clear.  Heart is mildly enlarged, chronic finding.  Also chronic is a large calcified mass in
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated.  A linear opacity with some associated volume loss in the right upper lobe is unchanged from the prior radiograph. This likely scarring.  No new opacity is identified to suggest pneumonia.  There is no pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: Hyperexpanded lungs. No evidence of pneumonia. A linear opacity in the right upper lobe is likely scarring, though could be further assessed with a CT if clinically indicated.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. Lungs are hyperinflated. There is slight decrease in the volume of the right upper lobe with lateral linear opacity potentially representing scarring.  No other abnormalities demonstrated. Giving provided history, father assessment with chest CT is recommended to establish baseline and tube per father characterized right upper lobe abnormality that might represent acute or chronic process.']
['Findings: Left-sided pacemaker device is again noted with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. Moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is again noted. The aorta remains tortuous. Mediastinal and hilar contours are somewhat.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is noted with patchy bibasilar opacities, left greater than right, likely reflective of atelectasis, but infection cannot be excluded in the left lung base. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality is seen. Surgical clips are again noted at the thoracic inlet suggestive of prior thyroid surgery. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion. Probable bibasilar atelectasis however infection in the left lung base cannot be completely excluded', 'Findings: There is mild cardiomegaly which is unchanged.  The aorta remains tortuous.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are similar, with fullness at the right paratracheal stripe which again may reflect tortuous vessels.  Clips in the lower neck indicate prior thyroidectomy.  The pulmonary vascularity is not engorged.  There is no focal consolidation,
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear, there is no effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  CT scan is more sensitive for the detection of acute aortic pathology.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Compared to the study from the prior day, there is no significant interval change. Impression: ', 'Findings: A portable frontal chest radiograph demonstrates the right central catheter with the tip in the low SVC, the endotracheal tube unchanged in position, and the nasogastric tube extending at least into the stomach.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  There is increased retrocardiac and lingular opacity, concerning for pneumonia.  There is also superimposed bibasilar atelectasis and a new left pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Increased retrocardiac and lingular opacity, concerning for pneumonia.  Additionally, superimposed bibasilar atelectasis and a new left pleural effusion.    These findings were communicated via telephone by Dr. ___ to Dr. ___ at ___ on ___.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices remain in good position.  There are mild atelectatic changes at the left base without evidence of acute focal pneumonia or vascular congestion. Impression: ', 'Findings: Supine portable
['Findings: Bilateral linear opacities are most consistent with atelectasis.  There is no focal consolidation, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  No acute osseous abnormality identified. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Platelike atelectasis or scarring at the lung bases is unchanged from prior.  No concerning pulmonary opacities.  Left hilar prominence is unchanged from ___.  The heart size is unremarkable.  No pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  The lungs are clear and well inflated.  No effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Degenerative changes are partially imaged in the T-spine with overall no change. Impression: No signs of pneumonia.', 'Findings: Frontal radiographs of the chest demonstrate normal heart size.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  There is linear opacity at the left base
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no pneumothorax, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Severe subcutaneous emphysema throughout the chest wall is minimally changed since ___.  Right thoracostomy tubes are unchanged in position.  No obvious pneumothorax is detected.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema has slightly worsened. There is a new trace left pleural effusion. The heart size remains normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to ___, a moderate right pneumothorax has increased in size with chest tube in place.  Thin-walled cystic lucencies at the right lung base may reflect pneumatoceles or bullae.  Widespread subcutaneous emphysema at is again demonstrated in the chest wall and has increased in severity.  No other relevant changes since the previous exam.', 'Findings:  Impression: Previous small right apical pneumothorax is no longer visible.  Severe subcutaneous emphysema in the chest wall, neck and face has changed in distribution over the past several days but not improved.  A right pleural drain, initially placed anterior to the right middle lobe, is still in place.
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  There is mild unfolding of the lower descending thoracic aorta.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Mild degenerative changes are present along the mid thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: There is an opacity overlying the right third anterior rib space, though difficult to localize.Heart size is within normal limits.Again seen is a mildly enlarged mediastinal contour, likely due to dilated ascending aorta which was previously seen on CTA from ___, though stability is difficult to assess due to differences in technique.  No a valvular calcifications are seen.  There is no evidence for pulmonary edema, pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: 1. No evidence for active cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Possible right lung nodule, difficult to localize.  Repeat all exam in ___ weeks for evaluation with either PA view followed by additional views after reviewing the image with the radiologist or shallow oblique views is recommended. 3. Dil
['Findings: Right-sided dual lumen central venous catheter tip terminates in the proximal right atrium, unchanged.  Heart remains mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged with unfolding of the thoracic aorta again noted. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic knob.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal and the lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Right-sided dual lumen central venous catheter tip terminates in the proximal right atrium.  The cardiac silhouette size is normal.  The aorta is mildly unfolded, with aortic knob calcifications noted.  Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated.  Marked left glenohumeral degenerative changes are seen.  Surgical clips are noted within the upper abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs are well expanded and clear.  Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. There is no evidence of pneumoperitoneum. Non-dilated gas filled loops of bowel may be indicative of a mild ileus. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No pneumoperitoneum.', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations, pneumothoraces or pleural effusions. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no consolidation, effusion, or edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There are relatively low lung volumes, which accentuate the bronchovascular markings, particularly at the lung bases.  Given this, no definite focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Low lung volumes, which accentuate the bronchovascular markings, particularly at the lung bases.  Given this, no acute cardiopulmonary process seen.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary pathology.']
['Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  Left-sided dual-chamber pacemaker device is noted with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle.  The heart size is normal, and the mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Minimal retrocardiac atelectasis is seen.  On the lateral view, there appears to be blunting of the costophrenic angle posteriorly on the right suggestive of a small effusion.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are present. Impression: Small right pleural effusion.']
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The aorta is mildly tortuous.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No focal consolidation is identified.  No acute osseous abnormalities are present. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Aeration of the left lower lobe has markedly improved. Moderate diffuse opacities in the left lung are grossly unchanged. Aeration of the right lower and right middle lobes has also improved. There is no pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. Lines and tubes are in unchanged standard position', 'Findings: The endotracheal tube terminates 4 cm above the carina.  No change in the left subclavian PICC line and NG tube. Previously described left retrocardiac opacity has improved. Small left pleural effusion is likely unchanged, despite differences in patient positioning. The lungs are otherwise clear without pneumothorax or focal consolidation. Impression: 1. Endotracheal tube terminates 4 cm above the carina.  2. Interval improvement in the left retrocardiac opacity, with persistent small left pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: Endotracheal tube is in standard position. Subcutaneous emphysema in the neck is a new finding and is incompletely evaluated on this chest radiograph EXAMINATION. Exam is otherwise similar to the prior study except for resolution of
['Findings: TECHNIQUE:  Single frontal view of the chest  COMPARISON:  ___, earlier today at 14:49  FINDINGS:   Patient is status post median sternotomy and cardiac valve replacement.  The lungs remain hyperinflated, suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. Mediastinal contours are stable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No significant interval change given differences in patient positioning.']
['Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  A rounded calcified structure projects below the left hemidiaphragm measuring 3.6 by 3.2 cm. Impression: 1. No acute intrathoracic process. 2. Round calcified structure in the left subdiaphragmatic space, of unclear etiology.']
['Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Degenerative changes of the AC joint again noted. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process']
['Findings: Patchy left lower lobe opacity may be due to atelectasis or pneumonia.  No focal consolidation is seen on the right.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Impression: Patchy left lower lobe opacity is subtle and may represent atelectasis or pneumonia.']
['Findings: Endotracheal tube tip terminates 4.5 cm from the carina.  Heart size appears borderline enlarged.  The aortic knob is calcified.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Attenuation of the pulmonary vascular markings towards the apices suggest underlying emphysema.  Scarring within the lung apices is noted.  Streaky right basilar opacity may reflect atelectasis though infection cannot be excluded.  No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified although the left costophrenic angle is not completely included in the field of view. Impression: 1. Standard positioning of the endotracheal tube.  2. Right basilar streaky opacity, possibly atelectasis though infection is not excluded.  3. Emphysema.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: There is left lower lobe consolidation.  Biapical scarring is noted.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Anterior cervical fixation hardware is partially visualized.  Lower thoracic levoscoliosis is identified. Impression: Left lower lobe consolidation compatible with pneumonia in the proper clinical setting.  Followup will be necessary after treatment to document resolution.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There are relatively low lung volumes which likely accentuate the bronchovascular markings.  There is increased prominence of the aortic arch as compared to the prior study, although more similar compared to ___ which may be due to differences in inspiration.  Chest CT from ___ showed a tortuous aorta.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is enlarged.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: ', 'Findings: The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  There is left base linear atelectasis/scarring.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No significant interval change.', 'Findings: Lung volumes appear normal, and little changed from ___.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits.  There is no subdiaphragmatic free air. Impression
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lung volumes are low with linear opacities at the lung bases most likely reflective of subsegmental atelectasis. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. There are mild multilevel moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Impression: Low lung volumes with mild bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices are essentially unchanged.  Indistinctness of pulmonary vessels is consistent with elevated pulmonary venous pressure. Opacification in the left base could represent merely atelectasis, though the extent suggests superimposed aspiration or infectious pneumonia. Continued blunting of the costophrenic angles is consistent with small pleural effusions. Retrocardiac opacification is consistent with volume loss in the left lobe .', 'Findings: Supine portable AP single chest radiograph demonstrates an endotracheal tube approximately 4 cm above the level of the carina in appropriate position.  An enteric tube descends along the expected course of the esophagus, terminating in the right upper quadrant.  A temperature probe is identified.  Lung windows demonstrates bilateral patchy ill-defined opacities which may reflect a component of aspiration or alternatively, in the appropriate clinical setting, contusions.  Patient is rotated.  Allowing for this, the cardiomediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  No large pleural effusion is identified.  Allowing for suboptimal technique, no pneumothorax is identified. Os
['Findings:  Impression: No comparison.  The lung volumes are normal.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia.  No radiographic evidence of aspiration.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little overall change.  Cardiac silhouette remains mildly enlarged with no vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia. Of incidental note is again an old healed fracture of the proximal right humerus.']
['Findings: are compatible with small airways disease with pneumonia in the  superior segment of the left lower lobe.         *** ED URGENT ATTENTION *** ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT EXAMINATION:  Chest radiograph  INDICATION:  ___F with h/o asthma with sudden onset of thoracic paraspinal pain and chest pain.  TECHNIQUE:  Chest PA and lateral  COMPARISON:  None  FINDINGS:   PA and lateral views the chest provided.  There is left perihilar opacity corresponding to a posterior consolidation on the lateral view which is concerning for pneumonia in the superior segment a left lower lobe.  Right lung is clear.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal contours unremarkable.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Left lower lobe superior segment pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Patient has been extubated and overall lung volumes are stable, left lower lobe atelectasis has worsened.  Small left pleural effusion is stable.  There is no pneumothorax.  Previous mediastinal widening has improved, largely due to decrease in mediastinal venous engorgements.  Vascular catheter projecting over the upper chest follows a confusing course.  It could be subclavian line. It ends in the left brachiocephalic vein, as before.', 'Findings: There is ill definition of the left hemidiaphragm with hazy increased opacity in this region that likely represents a combination of volume loss and effusion there is minimal pulmonary vascular redistribution there is no definite infiltrate. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are symmetrically well expanded and well aerated without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs are slightly low in volume but clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. The upper abdomen is unremarkable.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen, with the exception of new bilateral small pleural effusions limited to the costophrenic sinuses.  The signs of mild fluid overload are unchanged.  Slightly increasing areas of atelectasis at the lung bases.  No pneumothorax.  The lung volumes remain low.  The size of the cardiac silhouette is constant. Impression: ', 'Findings: Mild bibasilar opacities are new since ___ and may represent aspiration or pulmonary vascular congestion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, pleural surfaces are normal.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: Mild bibasilar opacities are new since ___ and may be from aspiration or pulmonary vascular congestion.  Please correlate with clinical symptoms.', 'Findings: UPRIGHT AP and lateral views of the chest provided.  Mild blunting of the right CP angle is again noted, likely representing trace effusion or pleural thickening. Otherwise lungs appear clear. There is no focal consolidation, large effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osse
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  There are indistinct pulmonary vascular markings seen bilaterally.  Some of this could be due to overlying soft tissues; however, there is suspected superimposed interstitial process such as edema.  There is no effusion.  Prominent extrapleural fat is seen particularly posteriorly and on the left at the apex. Cardiac silhouette appears enlarged.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are grossly unremarkable. Impression: Increased interstitial markings suggest some component of interstitial edema and cardiomegaly.']
['Findings:  Impression: Multiple metastatic deposits have increased in the interim. Heart size and mediastinum are unchanged in position. There is interval development of bilateral pleural effusion, small, loculated. No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia demonstrated. There is interval progression in the metastatic rib fracture with most likely presence of tissue component involving posterior lateral aspect of the left 8 rib.', 'Findings: The left pleural effusion has substantially decreased following drainage.  Multiple pulmonary nodules corresponding to known metastases are unchanged.  There is no appreciable pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits despite the projection.  An old left rib fracture has healed. Impression: Decreased left pleural effusion following drainage. No pneumothorax.  Stable pulmonary metastases.', 'Findings:  Impression: Radiographically there has been no improvement since ___.  Severe bibasilar consolidation, right greater than left, has increased, and moderate left and small right pleural effusions.  The pulmonary abnormalities obscure multiple pulmonary metastases.  There is no pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.', 'Findings: Several rounded opacities are
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the patient has taken a much better inspiration.  The area of questioned opacification at the right base is not definitely appreciated on this study, although there are some wires external to the patient overlying the right lower lung.  Bibasilar atelectatic changes is seen with possible small pleural effusions. The upper lungs are clear without evidence of acute pneumonia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  Lungs are not well inflated. On the lateral view projecting in the right middle lobe or lingula there is increased density which could be atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Punctate hilar opacities, likely represent calcified hilar lymph nodes. Impression: On the lateral view projecting over the right middle lobe or lingula there is an increased density, which could be atelectasis or pneumonia. A repeat radiograph with better inspiration is recommended to exclude any abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the patient has taken a better inspiration.  There is no evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.']
['Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged. There small bilateral pleural effusions and volume loss at both bases. There is pulmonary vascular redistribution.  The vertebral bodies are osteopenic with vertebral body height loss most marked in the mid thoracic vertebral bodies which has increased slightly compared to the study from last ___ Impression: CHF, worse compared to prior. Vertebral body compression fractures worse compared to prior', 'Findings: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is similar as before. Moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions are slightly increased.  Bilateral lower lobe collapse is persistent.  No consolidation is noted in the upper lungs.  There is no pneumothorax.  Cardiac silhouette is obscured by pleural effusions. Impression: Moderate bilateral pleural effusions are slightly increased.Pulmonary vascular congestion is similar as before.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change in the bilateral layering pleural effusions with compressive atelectasis at the bases, more prominent on the right.  Cardiac silhouette is within upper limits of normal in size and there is some continued elevation of pulmonary venous pressure.']
['Findings: Single portable view of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are grossly clear noting relatively low lung volumes.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for technique and positioning noting rotation to the left.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are grossly unremarkable.  Suggestion of a calcified granuloma is seen in the left mid lung. Impression: No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Limited examination secondary to patient motion. Within this limitation, moderate cardiomegaly has slightly progressed from the prior examination in ___. Subtle, diffuse interstitial markings are stable from the prior examination, and likely reflect underlying chronic interstitial lung disease. There is no large pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal consolidation. Impression: Progressive, now moderate cardiomegaly. Diffuse interstitial abnormality, similar to prior, compatible with chronic interstitial lung disease. If symptoms persist, repeat chest radiographs can be performed.', 'Findings:  Impression: There is interval increase in right upper lobe opacity, concerning for developing right upper lobe pneumonia. There is also mild interstitial prominence that might be consistent with interstitial edema and does the right upper lobe abnormality might be concerning for asymmetric edema in the presence of mitral regurgitation, correlation with echocardiography is recommended. Cardiomegaly is substantial, unchanged.', 'Findings: There are coarse interstitial markings bilaterally, which could be due to underlying edema versus chronic lung disease, less likely atypical infection; correlate clinically.  There is prominence of the right hilum and to a lesser
['Findings: AND Impression: No focal opacity to suggest pneumonia is seen.  No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax is identified.  No definite pneumomediastinum is seen.  The heart size is normal.']
['Findings:  Impression: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  There are no focal consolidations, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema.  Small linear density projects over the left mid lung field and inferior tip of the scapula. This is of unclear etiology and may represent a focal area of scarring.  There are no pneumothoraces.  Surgical clips are seen at the left upper abdomen.']
['Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged with a left ventricular predominance.  The aorta remains tortuous.  Low lung volumes cause crowding of the bronchovascular structures without overt pulmonary edema.  Streaky opacities in the lung bases likely reflect atelectasis, but no focal consolidation is present.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated. Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lung volumes are low limiting assessment.  There is bronchovascular crowding in the perihilar region.  No convincing evidence for pneumonia or edema.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Limited study due to low lung volumes.  No acute findings.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are obtained.  Lung volumes are low which limits evaluation.  There is increased opacity in the right lower lung which could reflect bronchovascular crowding, though the possibility of an early pneumonia cannot be excluded.  There is
['Findings: Portable AP upright chest film ___ at 06:04 is submitted Impression: Lung volumes remain slightly low.  Streaky opacities at the left base and at the medial right base likely reflect atelectasis, although an early infectious process cannot be excluded. No evidence of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.  Slight interval improvement in the area of focal tracheal narrowing.  No large effusions.', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube is seen with tip approximately 3.3 cm from the carina. Enteric tube passes below the field of view and the tip is not included. Low lung volumes are noted with secondary crowding of the bronchovascular markings. No large confluent consolidation identified.  Prominence of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is likely accentuated by low lung volumes. Impression: Endotracheal tube 3.3 cm from the carina. Enteric tube off the inferior field of view.', 'Findings: A tracheostomy is again in place.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable allowing for small differences in orientation.  There is no pleural
['Findings:  Impression: Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are well expanded and clear except for minor atelectasis at the right lung base.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are normal.  There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified.  There is no subdiaphragmatic free air. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest were reviewed and compared to the prior studies. Increased opacity in the left lower lobe and mid lungs is consistent with aspiration pneumonia.  Minimal opacity in the right lower lung is consistent with atelectasis.  There are calcifications within the aorta; otherwise; the cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine are unchanged. Impression: Increased opacity in the left lower lobe and mid lung is consistent with aspiration pneumonia.', 'Findings: AP and two lateral radiographs of the chest were obtained.  There are no prior studies for comparison.  There is scarring and atelectasis at the right middle lobe and the cardiac area.  No focal consolidation or nodule is present.  The left hilus is prominent.  There may be a small left effusion.  There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm.  Cardiomegaly is mild. Impression: Right middle lobe opacity could be pneumonia or, less likely, scarring and atelectasis.  Suggest follow-up
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Sternotomy cerclage wires and prosthetic cardiac valve are intact and in stable position.  Left ventricular configuration of the heart is unchanged.  Atelectasis and scarring in the lower lobes is similar to prior. Left hemidiaphragm remains mildly elevated.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Thoracic levoscoliosis is unchanged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Portable AP upright chest radiograph was obtained.  Midline sternotomy wires and prosthetic cardiac valve are again noted.  The heart is enlarged with a LV configuration.  Mild atelectasis is noted at the lung bases, not significantly changed from prior.  There is no definite sign of pneumonia or overt CHF.  The overall cardiomediastinal contour appears stable. Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: Cardiomegaly again noted without overt signs of CHF or pneumonia. Bibasilar opacities likely reflect atelectasis.', 'Findings: Ate
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest imaging:  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Lungs clear aside from minimal linear atelectasis.  Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.', 'Findings: Portable semi-upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates low lung volumes with resulting bronchovascular crowding.  There has been interval development of an opacification at the right base, likely representing aspiration.  Additionally, there is an area of increased opacification at the left base, which likely represents a combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Area of increased opacification at the right base likely represents aspiration.  2.  Increased opacification at the left base likely representing a combination of atelectasis and pleural effusion.']
['Findings:  Impression: Slight increase in the degree of patchy opacity at the left base, nonspecific in appearance.  Doubt overt CHF.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The endotracheal tube is low lying, terminating 1.7 cm from the carina.  An enteric tube is noted with tip in the stomach.  Heart size is normal.  The aortic knob is calcified.  The mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  There is no pulmonary edema demonstrated.  Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities are concerning for aspiration or pneumonia.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Remote fracture of the left humeral surgical neck is demonstrated.  Remote bilateral rib fractures also are noted.  Partially imaged is fusion hardware within the lumbar spine.  Embolization coils are noted within the left upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: Bibasilar airspace opacities could reflect aspiration or pneumonia.  Low lying endotracheal tube.  Enteric tube within the stomach.']
['Findings:  Impression: Moderate to severe cardiomegaly is a stable.  ET tube is in standard position. Left PICC tip is in the lower SVC.  NG tube tip is out of view below the diaphragm.  Diffuse multifocal consolidations asymmetric larger on the right lung have improved in the right upper lobe.  Presumed small left effusion is grossly unchanged.  There is no evident pneumothorax', 'Findings:  Impression: Feeding tube passes into the stomach and out of view.  Severe cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema are unchanged.  There is no discrete atelectasis or other focal pulmonary abnormality.  Chronic enlargement of the pulmonary arteries indicates long-standing pulmonary arterial hypertension.', 'Findings: ARE.  POSITIONING.  AGAIN SEEN IS CARDIOMEGALY.  THE HILA ARE BOTH PROMINENT.  ON THE RIGHT, FOCAL ENLARGEMENT OF THE HILUM IS SUGGESTED.  THERE ARE HAZY OPACITIES, WITH SUGGESTION OF AIR BRONCHOGRAMS IN BOTH AT
['Findings: There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lungs are clear of confluent consolidation, large effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable with tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta accentuated by patient rotation to the right.  Degenerative changes noted at the shoulders. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Lung volumes have improved.  Bibasilar atelectasis have improved. There are persistent opacities in the left mid lung still worrisome for aspiration.  Vascular congestion is stable.  There is no pneumothorax.  If any there is small left effusion.  Cardiomegaly is stable.  Right port a cath tip is in standard position', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison to ___ chest radiograph, heart has slightly increased in size and is accompanied by pulmonary vascular congestion and mild edema.  Nonspecific multifocal patchy opacities in the mid and lower lung have been more fully characterized by separately dictated CTA of the chest performed the same date.  Small right pleural effusion is not slightly increased compared to the prior study, and note is again made of subacute rib fractures.', 'Findings: Multiple healing bilateral rib fractures are present have been more fully detailed on CT of ___.  There remains no evidence of pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal contours are stable.  Bilateral nonspecific patchy infrahilar opacities have improved in the interval.  Nonspecific peripheral op
['Findings: There is a single lead pacemaker terminating in the right ventricle.  The heart appears moderately enlarged.  Superior vena cava shows new mild distention.  There is also a new bilateral hilar congestion.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unchanged.  Mild interstitial process suggest pulmonary edema.  Left posterior basilar opacity was present before but increased. Impression: Findings suggest mild to moderate pulmonary edema.  Increased left posterior basilar opacity, likely compatible with atelectasis; it is difficult to exclude pneumonia, however.', 'Findings: A single-lead pacemaker device has a lead terminating in the right ventricle, as before.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Mild perihilar congestion is noted, but otherwise, the lungs appear clear. Impression: Findings suggest mild vascular congestion.', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   AICD is unchanged in position with lead extending to the region the right ventricle.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with prominent heart size.  There is
['Findings: Moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is re- demonstrated. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged with atherosclerotic calcifications again noted at the aortic knob.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Patchy opacities in the lung bases likely reflect areas of atelectasis, however infection cannot be excluded in the correct clinical setting.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  No acute osseous abnormality is seen. Impression: Bibasilar patchy opacities, likely atelectasis.  Infection cannot be excluded in the correct clinical setting.', 'Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. 5 mm calcified nodule projecting over the left upper lobe likely reflects a granuloma. Streaky opacities in the lung bases likely reflect atelectasis. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. There are mild degenerative changes noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: A portable semi-
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images. The heart is normal in size and there is no evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.  Stimulator devices are seen on both sides.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there again is substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with elevated pulmonary venous pressure in bilateral pleural effusions, more prominent on the left, with substantial basilar volume loss on both sides.  Swan-Ganz catheter tip again is in the orifice of the right pulmonary artery.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison to ___ chest radiograph, a Swan-Ganz catheter has been advanced into the right pulmonary artery.  Slight decrease in size of cardiac silhouette and improved edema.  Bilateral pleural effusions appear slightly increased on the right and slightly improved on the left, but positional differences limit comparison.', 'Findings: The low lung volumes are stable.  No focal consolidations.  Unchanged moderate to severe cardiomegaly.  Unchanged mild interstitial edema. The mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  Unchanged bilateral pleural effusions and lower lung atelectasis.  The right swans Ganz catheter terminates more proximally likely in the right ventricular outflow tract. Impression: Unchanged mild interstitial edema and bilateral pleural effusions.',
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is enlarged.  Mediastinum is stable.  Lungs are overall clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to ___ radiograph, cardiomegaly is now accompanied by pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema.  Minor atelectasis is present at the left lung base, and there are probable small bilateral pleural effusions.  No other relevant changes.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest radiographs:  Heart is mildly enlarged but the lungs are clear and there is no vascular congestion, edema or evidence of pneumonia.  Pleural effusion if any is tiny on the left.  Elliptical nodular opacity projecting over the lower pole of the right hilus could be a vessel on end or pulmonary calcification.  Conventional radiographs recommended for confirmation when feasible.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Severe cardiomegaly is chronic.  There is no pulmonary or mediastinal vascular congestion, pulmonary edema, or pleural eff
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is now 0 8 left chest wall pacer device with leads extending into the region of the right atrium and right ventricle.  Overall, the heart size appears normal.  There is a subtle retrocardiac opacity which is concerning for pneumonia.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Mediastinal contour appears unchanged.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Left lower lobe consolidation concerning for pneumonia.', 'Findings: The previously noted bronchopneumonic changes in the right upper lobe, right lower lobe and left lower lobe shows interval improvement.  The heart size is normal.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax.  Dual lead pacemaker in situ. Spondylotic changes of the thoracic spine.  . Impression: Interval improvement in multifocal bronchopneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there has been essentially complete clearing of the previously described consolidations.  Pacer leads remain in good position.  No evidence of vascular congestion or pleural effusion. Extensive changes in the thoracic spine are consistent
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change in the appearance of the left upper lobe mass with associated opacification are rounded consistent with progressive malignancy or associated pneumonia.  There is increasing opacification in the right hemithorax which could represent worsening asymmetric edema or aspiration or infectious pneumonia.  Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette in this patient with intact midline sternal wires.', 'Findings: There is a round focal opacity projecting over the aortic arch on lateral view, not present previously. No corresponding opacity is identified in the frontal view.  Heart is borderline enlarged. Pulmonary vasculature, mediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal. There is a pacemaker with 2 right ventricular leads and a retracted lead coiled around the pacemaker. Impression: CT is recommended to evaluate possible supraaortic lung mass.  NOTIFICATION:   The impression above was entered by Dr. ___ on ___ at 13:23 into the Department of Radiology critical communications system for direct communication to the referring provider.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  New bilateral parenchymal opacities, right more than
['Findings: Lung volumes are low, resulting in bronchovascular crowding.  The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged.  The hilar are unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is top-normal with re- demonstration of prominent on in of the thoracic aortic arch corresponding to tortuous, dilated thoracic aorta on prior chest CTA.  Hilar contours are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Re- demonstration of dilated, tortuous thoracic aorta.', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with a dilated tortuous aorta. . The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. The bones are intact. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Dilated tortuous aorta as seen previously.', 'Findings: Lungs are now clear. There is no evidence of cardiac decompensation. The aorta is generally large and calcified, little changed since ___. However the contour of the proximal descending portion, where there may be separation of intimal calcification from the aortic margin could be due to chronic dissection or ulceration with per
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Right-sided PICC line terminates in the lower SVC.  NG tube extends into the stomach.  Skin ___ project over the left upper abdomen and left scapula.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Unchanged, moderate bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right.  Persistent, retrocardiac opacity is consistent with atelectasis.  No pneumothorax.  Unchanged, minimal subsegmental atelectasis at the left base. Impression: Unchanged, moderate bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  The patient has received bilateral chest tubes.  The tubes are in correct position.  There is no evidence for the presence of a pneumothorax.  Substantial decrease of the pre-existing pleural effusions.  Decrease in extent of a pre-existing retrocardiac atelectasis.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette persists.', 'Findings: to Dr ___ by telephone on ___ at 11:46 AM, 2 minutes after discovery of the findings. Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs ___ through ___.  Mild
['Findings: AP upright and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates hyperexpanded lungs.  There is increased opacity projecting over the left lung base laterally with a configuration raising the possibility of extrapleural lesion. Lungs are otherwise clear without a focal consolidation convincing for pneumonia.  Heart size is upper limits of normal.  There is no evidence of pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  Surgical clips project over the left upper outer chest. Impression: Hyperinflated lungs.  Focal opacity at the left lung base laterally on the frontal view, potentially pleural-based.  Correlation with older films to document stability suggested and if not possible, chest CT is advised for further evaluation on a nonurgent basis.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute process.  Low lung volumes and chronic elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.', "Findings:  Impression: No acute change from the patient's baseline radiographic appearance.", 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate unchanged position of left chest wall Port-A-Cath, terminating in the low SVC.  The left hemidiaphragm is elevated, as before, and the lung volumes are low.  There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, pneumothorax or focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  Exaggerated thoracic kyphosis is unchanged.  Colonic loops in the left upper quadrant are similar in appearance compared to prior studies. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is stable and top-normal to mildly enlarged.  The aorta is calcified and tortuous.  There is no overt pulmonary edema.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The heart size is top normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  Stable multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Portable semi-upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates poor definition of the right heart border, which may be positional. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: Poor definition of the right heart border may be positional.  Consider repeat frontal and lateral radiographs for further evaluation.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___ cysts ___, there is little interval change.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is some tortuosity of the descending aorta.  No evidence of acute pneumonia or vascular congestion.  Minimal opacification the left base could reflect mild atelectatic change. Of incidental note is an azygos fissure, of no clinical significance.', "Findings: The heart size is normal. Hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are well-expanded and clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute abnormalities identified to explain patient's cough."]
['Findings:  Impression: No comparison.  The lung volumes are low.  Minimal atelectasis at the right lung basis.  No cardiomegaly.  No pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions.  The patient has received a nasogastric tube, the tip is not visualized on the image.  No evidence of free air.']
['Findings:  Impression: Interval development of right pleural effusion or at least redistribution as compared to the prior PET-CT from ___.  The amount of effusion is at least moderate.  Right perihilar consolidation consistent with known lung cancer.  Left lung is unremarkable.', 'Findings: There is status post right thoracocentesis.  There is a moderate right apicolateral procedural pneumothorax, difficult to visualize, given that the pleural line parallels the lower aspect of the fourth rib.  No evidence of tension.  The large right upper lung mass is unchanged.  Unchanged appearance of the left lung.  At the time of dictation and observation, 11:49 a.m., on ___, the referring physician, ___. ___ was paged for notification. Impression: ', 'Findings: A Pleurx catheter terminates in the right basal pleura.  There has been interval improvement of a moderate to large right pleural effusion with some residual fluid still present. There is no appreciable pneumothorax.  The right upper lobe is now completely collapsed.  The known right upper lobe mass now looks more solid, this could be attributed to loculated pleural
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There are low lung volumes, which accentuate the bronchovascular markings.  There may be minimal pulmonary vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  There is no large pleural effusion.  The lateral view is underpenetrated, likely due to patient body habitus.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: ', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  Mild bibasilar opacities are noted and likely representative of atelectasis, right greater than left.  Otherwise, the lungs are without a focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  There is mild prominence of the pulmonary vasculature without overt edema.  Cardiac silhouette appears prominent but stable.  Mild degenerative changes visualized throughout the thoracic spine. Impression: Mild bibasilar opacities, right greater than left, are most likely representative of atelectasis.  However, pneumonia must be excluded in the proper clinical setting.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are low.  There is evidence of mild bibasilar atelectasis.  The
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest.  Bilateral brain stimulator, generators and leads are seen, slightly rotated in positioning when compared to prior.  Where seen, the lungs remain clear.  The previously seen retrocardiac opacity is again seen only on the frontal view and on the lateral is likely obscured by degenerative changes in the spine.  There is no effusion or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Persistent retrocardiac nodule for which dedicated non-urgent chest CT is again suggested.', 'Findings: There are bilateral deep brain stimulator generators and leads extending into the neck and out of the field of view.  The lung volumes are low.  There is a small round opacity in the retrocardiac region, concerning for a small pulmonary nodule.  There is no consolidation, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Mitral annulus calcifications are noted. Impression: 1.  Possible small retrocardiac pulmonary nodule; recommend further evaluation with a CT of the chest. 2
['Findings: Heart size is moderately enlarged with a left ventricular predominance.  The aorta is moderately tortuous.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable, and there is no pulmonary vascular congestion.  Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine is present. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: were communicated to ___, M.D. via telephone at 2:48 p.m. on ___ after discovery at 2:46 p.m. when the surgeon confirmed that the patient had recently had surgery. Impression: 1.  No acute intrathoracic process. 2.  Pneumomediastinum.  These findings were communicated to ___, M.D. via telephone at 2:48 p.m. on ___ after discovery at 2:46 p.m. when the surgeon confirmed that the patient had recently had surgery.']
['Findings: As compared to ___, right-sided pleural effusion has substantial decreased with minimal blunting of the costophrenic angle.  There remains elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  The lungs are clear.  No pneumothorax.  Multiple healing rib fractures on the right. Impression: Right-sided pleural effusion has substantial decreased with minimal blunting of the costophrenic angle.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: IN COMPARISON WITH THE STUDY OF ___, THERE HAS BEEN PLACEMENT OF A RIGHT CHEST TUBES AT THE BASE WITH DECREASE IN THE DEGREE OF PLEURAL EFFUSION. NO EVIDENCE OF PNEUMOTHORAX.  OTHERWISE LITTLE CHANGE.', 'Findings:  Impression: Pigtail drainage catheter projects over the right diaphragmatic region.  The right lung base is elevated, but the precise location of the diaphragm with regard to the pleural space is indeterminate.  Subpulmonic pleural effusion could therefore be present.  Pleural effusion is otherwise small
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___:07.  Right PIC line ends in the low SVC.  Heart size top-normal, exaggerated by low lung volumes.  Lungs clear.  No pleural abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  There is mild subsegmental left basilar atelectasis.  There is no evidence of pneumonia or heart failure.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hila, and pleural surfaces are normal. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The tip of the right PICC line is again noted to be projecting over the right internal jugular vein. Minimally increased lung volumes with no substantial change in the pulmonary edema and right pleural effusion.  Bibasilar atelectasis is also unchanged.  The size of the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: Minimally increased bilateral lung volumes with no other significant interval change.  The tip of the right PICC line is again noted to be projecting over the right internal jugular vein.', 'Findings:  Impression: Right PICC tip is in thecavoatrial junction.  Opacities in the right lower lobe have increased consistent with worsening atelectases.  Moderate right pleural effusion is probably stable.  There are low lung volumes.  Cardiac size is top-normal.  Left lower lobe
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary pathology.']
['Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy.  There is focal eventration of the posterior right hemidiaphragm which may relate to a Bochdalek hernia.  There is slight blunting of the right costophrenic angle on the frontal view.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Some degenerative changes are seen along the spine with disc space narrowing in the mid to lower thoracic spine as well as loss of vertebral body height in the mid thoracic spine. Impression: No focal consolidation.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrate clear lungs bilaterally.  No focal opacity convincing for pneumonia.  Heart size is normal.  Hilar and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are without acute abnormality. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and well-aerated lungs which are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Patchy opacification at the right lung base is concerning for aspiration.', 'Findings: The patient had been intubated.  The endotracheal tube terminates approximately 7 cm above the carina near the thoracic inlet.  An orogastric tube terminates in the stomach.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal range.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Endotracheal tube terminating at the thoracic inlet.  If clinically indicated, advancing the tube by 2-3 cm may be appropriate for more optimal positioning.  No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal with mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Indistinct, primarily peribronchovascular opacity at the right lung base is re- demonstrated, but with slightly changed morphology. Lungs are otherwise clear. Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Indistinct, primarily peribronchovascular opacity of the right lung base
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits.  The bilateral hila are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Clear lungs.', 'Findings: There are overlying EKG leads.  The heart size, mediastinal, and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are intact Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The left PICC line continues to terminate in the low SVC.  A small right pleural effusion with chronic right middle lobe atelectasis and bronchiectasis are unchanged.  Previous pulmonary edema has resolved.  Moderate cardiomegaly despite the projection is also unchanged. There is no pneumothorax. An benign appearing ossified structure at the left glenohumeral joint is unchanged. Impression: Unchanged location of left PICC line tip, which is in the low SVC. Resolved pulmonary edema. Chronic right middle lobe atelectasis and bronchiectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: IN COMPARISON WITH THE STUDY OF ___, THERE HAS BEEN SUBSTANTIAL CLEARING OF THE RIGHT PERIHILAR OPACIFICATION WITH A PULMONARY VESSELS NOW ESSENTIALLY WITHIN NORMAL LIMITS. BILATERAL PLEURAL EFFUSIONS WITH COMPRESSIVE ATELECTASIS AT THE BASES.', "Findings: to Nurse ___ by telephone to be reported to the patient's physicians, on ___ at 2:30 PM, 2 minutes after discovery of the
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right pigtail catheter was removed. There is no visible pneumothorax.  The nasogastric tube is in unchanged position.  No other relevant changes.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged evidence of bilateral pleural fluid collections, better visualized on the lateral than on the frontal image. As compared to the previous image, the extent of the right collection is slightly decreased.  Subsequent areas of atelectasis on the right are present. No pulmonary edema. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, taken at 4:48 a.m., the right pigtail catheter is in unchanged position. On the left, the previously placed catheter has been removed.  The nasogastric tube is in unchanged position.  There continues to be no evidence of a pneumothorax.  A semicircular lucency along the lower aspect of the aorta is likely caused by an adjacent retrocardiac atelectasis. Moderate cardiomegaly. Mild atelectasis at both lung bases.
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Left chest wall dual-lead pacing device is seen with lead tips in the right ventricular apex and right atrium.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal in size.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and well aerated lungs which are clear. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No acute osseous abnormality is visualized. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There are low lung volumes, resulting in bronchovascular crowding.  Architectural distortion and paraseptal emphysema are seen within the left upper lobe.  The heart is not enlarged.  The hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No pneumonia.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal. Bilateral upper displacement of the hila appears unchanged, consistent with upper lobe volume loss. Bilateral upper lobe reticular and nodular opacities appear similar to the prior study.  No new areas of consolidation are identified within the lungs, and there are no pleural effusions. Impression: Chronic upper lobe interstitial abnormality with associated volume loss.  No radiographic evidence of acute pneumonia.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  Left upper lobe lung nodule described in the neck CT is not seen on plain film.  Mediastinal and cardiac contours are within normal limits.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  CONCLUSION:  There is no pneumonia.  Left upper lobe lung nodule described on neck CT is not visible in this x-ray. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: The tip of the endotracheal tube lies approximately 4.4 cm above the carina.  There are are low lung volumes that accentuate the mild elevation in pulmonary venous pressure.  Cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal in size. No evidence of acute focal pneumonia.']
['Findings: Subpleural fibrotic changes compatible with NSIP are unchanged.  Lung volumes are low.  There is no focal consolidation or pleural effusion.  Heart size and mediastinal contours normal. Impression: 1. Chronic changes related NSIP. 2. No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: IN COMPARISON WITH THE STUDY OF ___, THERE AGAIN IS SOME COARSENESS OF INTERSTITIAL MARKINGS CONSISTENT WITH THE FIBROTIC LUNG DISEASE SEEN ON PRIOR CT.  NO EVIDENCE OF ACUTE FOCAL PNEUMONIA OR VASCULAR CONGESTION.']
['Findings: Lines and Tubes: None  Lungs: Well inflated and clear.  Pleura: There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax  Mediastinum: There is no cardiomegaly. Mediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Bony thorax: Unremarkable Impression: Well inflated clear lungs.  No pleural effusion.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable with mild cardiomegaly.  Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The trachea is central.  The heart is moderately enlarged, new when compared to the prior study.  No prominence of the pulmonary vasculature appreciated, no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen.  The visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly without evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient shows an almost unchanged picture.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Newly appeared blunting of the right costophrenic sinus, potentially suggesting minimal right pleural effusion.  Unchanged appearance of the remaining lung parenchyma.  Unchanged right internal jugular vein catheter without evidence of pneumothorax, with the tip projecting over the right atrium. Impression: ', 'Findings: Single portable view of the chest.  No prior.  Right IJ line is identified with tip in the proximal right atrium.  There is no visualized right apical pneumothorax.  No definite left pneumothorax.  There is, however, horizontal line at the left lung base suggesting air-fluid level, raising possibility of hydropneumothorax.  Alternatively, this could be due to relatively flat diaphragm and effusion.  Mild blunting seen at the right cardiophrenic angle as well.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic arch.  Mitral annular calcification is also
['Findings: There is new consolidation of the left retrocardiac space and streaky atelectasis at the right lung base.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Consolidation in the left retrocardiac space is likely atelectasis, although, pneumonia could be considered given the provided clinical history.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Atherosclerotic calcification is noted at the aortic arch.  Hypertrophic changes seen in the spine as well as degenerative changes at the shoulders bilaterally.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: A single portable supine chest radiograph was obtained.  Endotracheal tube terminates 3.4 cm above the carina.  An orogastric tube extends inferiorly out of the field of view.  Diffuse pulmonary opacities in the right lung are fine. Minimal residual left basilar atelectasis remains after correction of prior right mainstem intubation.  Cardiomegaly is moderate. Impression: Asymmetric right worse than left pulmonary opacities may represent aspiration or infection.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal.  Left mediastinal deviation has slightly increased in the interim and its related to multinodular extensive thyroid goiter.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The patient is after left shoulder replacement.', 'Findings: Portable AP chest radiograph.  Lung volumes are low with bibasilar atelectasis.  NG tube tip is in the stomach and the side hole is at the level of the GE junction.  Enlarged right lobe of the thyroid shifts the upper trachea to the left.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal. Impression: NG tube tip is in the stomach.  However, the sidehole is at level of GE junction and can be advanced several centimeters for better positioning.  Findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ by phone at 9:29 a.m.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Known right -sided rib fractures.  No right pneumothorax.  Minimal right basal pleural effusion.  The morphology of the rib fractures and the extent of the effusion are better documented on a previous CT examination from ___.  Normal size of the heart.  No abnormalities in the left lung, with the exception of a small retrocardiac atelectasis.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  There is mild atelectasis at the left base.  There may be a trace pleural effusion in the posterior sulcus.  There is no focal consolidation.  No pneumothorax.  Multiple at acute rib fractures are better seen on the CT scan from earlier today. Impression: 1.  Minimal atelectasis and possible trace diffusion.  No consolidation.  2.  Multiple acute rib fractures are better evaluated on the CT scan from earlier today.  No pneumothorax.']
["Findings: Chest, PA and lateral.  The lungs are clear.  There is moderate cardiomegaly.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are otherwise normal.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  There are surgical changes associated with the patient's history of CABG.  There is a dual-lead implanted pacemaker.  The configuration of the device is somewhat unusual in that it appears rotated ___ degrees laterally within the pocket. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process."]
['Findings: Single portable view of the chest.  The heart is of normal size with normal cardiomediastinal contours.  Calcified granulomas in both lung bases are similar to prior.  Bibasilar linear opacities are compatible with atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No radiopaque foreign body. Impression: Bibasilar plate-like atelectasis.']
['Findings: Evaluation is slightly limited due to patient rotation.  The heart size is mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal contours are likely within normal limits.  There is no hilar enlargement.  There is no evidence of pulmonary edema.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Again, the patient is rotated to the right.  The lungs remain clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Hypertrophic changes are seen in the spine.  No displaced fracture is identified on this nondedicated exam. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Prior sternotomy was done for CABG.  Mediastinal and cardiac contours are normal.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  CONCLUSION:  There are no acute cardiopulmonary findings.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: ']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  Again noted is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  In the right infrahilar region, there is a opacity which was not definitively seen on prior examination though this may be related to technique and poor inspiration.  Opacity is also seen in the posterior portion of the chest on the lateral view.  In the appropriate clinical context, this may represent pneumonia. Impression: Right middle lobe/left lower lobe pneumonia in the appropriate clinical context.', 'Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear of focal consolidation or significant effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Median sternotomy wires are again noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Median sternotomy wires are present.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  There is no focal lung consolidation.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the endotracheal tube tip now lies approximately 2.5 cm above the carina.  Nasogastric tube extends to the distal antrum.  There are lower lung volumes, but no evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: There is plate-like atelectasis in the right mid lung which is new compared to the CT from the prior day. The endotracheal tube tip is 5.3 cm above the carina.  Feeding tube tip is off the film, at least in the stomach. The right-sided rib fractures are better visualized on the CT from the prior day. There is no pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the endotracheal tube lies about 4.7 cm above the carina.  Nasogastric tube extends well into the stomach.  No evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  The platelike atelectasis in the right mid zone has essentially cleared. Rib fractures seen on CT are not appreciated and there is no
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear of focal consolidation.  Please note the lateral view is limited secondary to arms obstructing the field of view.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits, noting atherosclerotic calcifications at the aortic arch as well as mitral annular calcifications.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are grossly unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates a 6.4 cm biopsy proven metastatic melanoma lung nodule which when compared to prior study dated ___ is increased in size and relative to CT chest dated ___ is additionally increased in size, previously 5.6 cm on most recent study.  Additional opacity projects over the left mid to upper lung overlying the left posterior sixth rib in a similar location to prior peripheral nodular opacities on prior chest CT. No focal opacity convincing for pneumonia is identified. There is likely atelectasis at the left lung base. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. A right chest port is identified, its tip terminating within the inferior superior vena cava. No air is identified under the hemidiaphragm. Impression: Enlarging left lower pole biopsy proven metastatic melanoma nodule.  Interval enlargement of opacities in left mid to upper lung in a similar location to prior clustered nodules on prior CT. While infection is possible, underlying metastatic lesions are not excluded. No new focal opacity convincing for pneumonia.']
['Findings: compatible with right middle lobe pneumonia. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT HISTORY:  Recent pneumonia with new fever and white blood cell count.  COMPARISON:  ___.  TECHNIQUE:  PA and lateral views of the chest.  FINDINGS: In the right middle lobe, best seen on the lateral view, there is an increased opacity.  A corresponding area of subtly increased opacity obscuring the right heart border in the right middle lobe is also seen on the frontal view, worrisome for pneumonia.  The left lung is clear.  Cardiac size is normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. Impression: Findings compatible with right middle lobe pneumonia. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT HISTORY:  Recent pneumonia with new fever and white blood cell count.  COMPARISON:  ___.  TECHNIQUE:  PA and
['Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate clear lungs and normal hilar and cardiomediastinal contours.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: Normal radiographs of the chest.']
['Findings:  Impression: Normal chest.']
['Findings: The lungs are normally expanded.  Opacities projecting over the spine on the lateral radiograph have improved; however, there is mild persistent opacity.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The included osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. Impression: Improved mild residual opacity at the left base may reflect resolving pneumonia.', 'Findings: Surgical clips overlie the right upper abdominal quadrant.  The cardiomediastinal silhouettes are stable, reflective of a mildly tortuous thoracic aorta and mild cardiomegaly.  The hilar within normal limits.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion or pulmonary edema.  Equivocal lower lobe opacity best appreciated on lateral view appears new since prior exam, not clearly localized on PA projection.  Otherwise come the lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: 1. Equivocal lower lobe opacity seen only on lateral view.  If the patient has symptoms of pneumonia, this could represent early lower lobe infection. 2. Stable mild cardiome
['Findings: Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Patient has had left upper lobectomy.  New heterogeneous opacification at the base of the right lung in the absence of pulmonary edema elsewhere is more likely aspiration or pneumonia.  The same have may be true of left perihilar consolidation or there could be a left hilar mass.  There is no appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart is at least moderately enlarged.  Conventional radiographs recommended when feasible.', 'Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy, CABG and left upper lobectomy with multiple clips noted in the left hemithorax. The heart size remains within normal limits. The aorta is diffusely calcified. The mediastinal contour is unchanged. New mild pulmonary edema is demonstrated. In addition, a more focal opacity within the right upper lobe may reflect an area of developing infection.  There may be a small left pleural effusion. No pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Prior left thoracotomy changes are again noted with resection of several left-sided ribs. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. There is a moderate right pleural effusion with associated compressive atelectasis in the right lower lung.  Difficult to exclude an underlying pneumonia.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  The left lung appears grossly clear.  No overt signs of edema.  No pneumothorax.  Mediastinal contour is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  Clips in the right upper quadrant noted. Impression: As above.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear of airspace or interstitial opacity.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  No acute or aggressive osseus changes. Impression: No acute radiographic intrathoracic pulmonary disease.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal.  There is unchanged prominence of the left main pulmonary artery dating back to ___, most likely anatomical variant.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: Allowing the rotation of the patient cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. Aside from minimal atelectasis in the left base the lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.']
['Findings:  Impression: Severe infiltrative pulmonary abnormality worsened from ___ through ___ and has not changed appreciably.  Heart size top-normal.  Pleural effusions are presumed, but not large.  No pneumothorax pre', 'Findings: There is no new consolidation or pleural effusion.  Multiple subcentimeter nodules are better seen on the recent chest CT.  There is no pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits despite the projection. Impression: No significant interval change.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have decreased.  Moderate pulmonary edema is present.  Mild cardiomegaly.  No larger pleural effusions.  No pneumonia.  Right basal and retrocardiac atelectasis.', 'Findings: Compared with ___ at 05:27, the right-sided chest tube is been removed.  There does appear to a been development of a small right apical pneumothorax.  Otherwise, I doubt significant interval change. Impression: Interval removal of right chest tube, with interval development of small right apical pneumothorax. 
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  A right chest Port-A-Cath terminates at the mid SVC. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is again enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with pulmonary edema.  Opacification at the left base is consistent with left pleural effusion. No evidence of acute focal pneumonia.', 'Findings: There is diffuse pulmonary vascular congestion and cardiomegaly.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions. The patchy opacification and air bronchogram in the right upper lobe could be combination of acute pneumonia and bronchiectasis. The mediastinal silhouette is within normal size.  NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the telephone on ___ at 3:15 PM Impression: ', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with mild cardiomegaly.  The hilar contours are normal. 
['Findings: Normal lung volumes.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours.  Normal appearance of the lung parenchyma.  No pleural effusions.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  On the lateral view, the sternum appears normal without evidence of fracture.  However, the chest film is insensitive to detect sternal lesions.  If clinical symptoms persist, then CT should be performed. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous portable film from ___ and CT abdomen and pelvis from ___.  There is blunting of the right lateral costophrenic angle which is unchanged and likely in part due to extrapleural fat and possible pleural thickening which is partially visualized on prior CT abdomen.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  There is no definite pleural effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Previously seen left-sided tunneled IJ line is no longer visualized.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is again enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with some elevation of pulmonary venous pressure and right pleural effusion with compressive atelectasis at the base.  The right axillary PICC line again does not anterior the thoracic cavity.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Right hilar enlargement to developed between ___ and ___ and has probably progressed, presumably adenopathy. 
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Previously seen left upper lobe pneumonia has resolved in the interval. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a left perihilar, upper lobe consolidation.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal. Impression: Left upper lobe pneumonia.  Recommend follow-up chest radiograph in four weeks.  Findings were relayed by Dr. ___ to ___, nurse ___ Dr. ___ ___ by phone at 2:05 p.m. on ___.  Follow-up recommendation was added to the critical results dashboard.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is seen.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  No free intraperitoneal air identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  The lungs are well-inflated and grossly clear. There is no pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Severe dextroscoliosis. Impression: 1.  No pneumonia.  2. Severe dextroscoliosis stable from ___.']
['Findings: There is right basilar atelectasis/scarring, similar to prior.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There may be mild bronchial wall thickening.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable.  Hilar contours are stable. Impression: Mild right basilar atelectasis/scarring, stable.  No focal consolidation.  Suggestion of bronchial wall thickening, which may be seen with bronchitis.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pre-existing bilateral parenchymal opacities have substantially decreased in extent and severity.  However, changes are still clearly visible.  Unchanged mild cardiomegaly, unchanged sternal wires.  The lateral radiograph shows a small right pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Right convex thoracic scoliosis is re- demonstrated along with sternal suture wires and mediastinal clips, consistent with prior CABG. Mild cardiac enlargement with prominence of the apex, is unchanged.  There is diffuse prominence of the pulmonary interstitial markings, but no focal consolidation is appreciated and there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Osseous structures appear unchanged. Impression: Diffuse prominence of the pulmonary interstitial markings for which atypical infection cannot be excluded, but no evidence of focal consolidation.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are mildly hyperinflated, suggestive of COPD.  The lungs are clear without focal or diffuse abnormality.  No
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pre described rounded prevertebral opacity is no longer visualized.  In the interval, minimal pleural effusions have newly occurred.  No other relevant changes are seen.', 'Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated without focal consolidation.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Partially imaged cervical spine fusion hardware. Impression: Hyperinflated lungs without focal consolidation.', 'Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated, with relative flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms, but otherwise clear.  There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, pneumothorax, or consolidation suspicious for pneumonia The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  Partially visualized cervical spinal fusion hardware is noted.  On the lateral view, there is a questionable ill-defined nodular density projecting over the anterior aspect of the T9 vertebral body. Impression: 1. Hyperinflation, compatible with emphysema. 2. No evidence of pneumonia. 3. Questionable small nodular opacity seen on
['Findings:  Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis, slightly worse at the right base.  Otherwise, no significant change is identified.', 'Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  Streaky basilar opacities, more confluent on the left than the right, are most consistent with atelectasis, increased since the prior study, although not widespread.  Slight blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus makes it difficult to exclude a trace pleural effusion, but there is no definite effusion. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the patient has taken a somewhat better inspiration.  Again, there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Streaks of atelectasis are again seen at the left base, though there is no evidence of acute focal pneumonia. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Mediastinal and cardiac contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  CONCLUSION:  There is no evidence of pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', "Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal. Mediastinum is normal. Lungs are clear with no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Overall no abnormality to explain patient's symptoms demonstrated but giving it is persistent, assessment of the patient with chest CT is recommended. The abnormality demonstrated on the prior study represents summation of shadows as demonstrated on current examination."]
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia identified.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Well-delineated rounded hypodensities in the left mid lung likely represent vessels on end.  Pleural surfaces are clear without pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size, mediastinal contour and hila are normal.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.  Limited assessment of the upper abdomen is unremarkable without free intraperitoneal air. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Specifically, no evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate clear lungs bilaterally.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Imaged osseous structures and upper abdomen are without an acute abnormality. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Diffuse bilateral vascular engorgement appears more than would be expected from supine position.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the patient has taken a much better inspiration.  There is still some enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with indistinct pulmonary vessels consistent with elevated pulmonary venous pressure.  A more localized area of increased opacification is seen in the right mid and lower lung zones.  In the appropriate clinical setting, this could reflect developing pneumonia.  Atelectatic changes are seen at the bases. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Mild interstitial pulmonary edema has improved since ___, and previous small right pleural effusion has resolved.  Top normal heart size unchanged.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change. Cardiac silhouette is prominent and there is tortuosity of the aorta.  No substantial vascular congestion or acute focal pneumonia. Pulmonary nodules seen on CT are difficult to identify on radiographs. There is blunting of 1 costophrenic angle posteriorly, probably the right, consistent with small pleural effusion or pleural thickening.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No acute osseous abnormalities present. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates airspace opacities which project over the left lower lung field and correlate to opacities within the left upper lobe on the lateral chest radiograph worrisome for infectious process.  The right lung is clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no air under the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Left upper lobe airspace opacities worrisome for pneumonia.']
['Findings: The heart is enlarged.  There is upper zone redistribution and increased interstitial markings, as well as more confluent opacity at the left lung base, compatible with CHF.  There is increased retrocardiac density consistent with left lower lobe collapse and/or consolidation. There is no gross pleural effusion, though small left effusion would be difficult to exclude.  No pneumothorax detected. Impression: Cardiomegaly with CHF.  Increased retrocardiac opacity consistent with left lower lobe collapse and/or consolidation.']
['Findings: Opacity in the left lung base silhouetting the cardiac apex is consistent with infection. No substantial pleural effusion identified on this upright view. No pneumothorax. Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Impression: Left lung base opacity concerning for infection. Followup after treatment may be obtained to assess for resolution.', 'Findings: There is mild indistinctness of the right heart border, which may be better evaluated with a PA and lateral series. Mild central peribronchial thickening may indicate bronchial inflammation. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: 1. Mild central peribronchial thickening, indicative of bronchial inflammation. 2.  Slightly indistinct right heart border may represent atelectasis, but can be better evaluated with a dedicated PA and lateral radiograph.', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.  An endotracheal tube terminates 4.9 cm above the carina. An orogastric tube extends into the stomach, however, the side hole is not well seen. The heart size is normal. The hilar and mediast
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated and and clear.  There is no superimposed consolidation or mass.  Linear streaky opacities in the lower lungs posteriorly could reflect known bronchiectasis, as better assessed on prior CT.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Mild interstitial edema and possible bibasilar pneumonia have both cleared since ___.  Heart remains mildly enlarged.  There is no pleural effusion.  Right supraclavicular dual-channel dialysis catheter set ends in the low SVC and mid right atrium.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  There are patchy opacities throughout the lungs, particularly in the perihilar and bibasilar regions, suggestive of pulmonary edema.  There is blunting of the left costophrenic angle, suggestive of a small effusion.  A right-sided subclavian dual-lumen catheter terminates in the lower superior vena cava and right atrium.  Sternotomy wires are in place.  Multiple surgical clips project over the mediastinum and right upper quadrant.  No acute bony abnormality is identified. Impression: Patchy pulmonary opacities suggestive of pulmonary edema.  However, underlying infection cannot be excluded based on this radiographic appearance.', 'Find
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Left shoulder hardware is noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear with normal volumes.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pneumothorax.  No focal consolidations are seen.  Left shoulder hardware is again noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Portable chest radiograph ___ at 11:03 is submitted. Impression: Lungs remain well inflated without evidence of focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  No pleural effusions, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.  Stable cardiac and mediastinal contours.  Left shoulder hardware is incompletely visualized.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Multiple monitoring and support devices, status post aortic valve replacement.  Unchanged moderate pulmonary edema, moderate cardiomegaly, bilateral pleural effusions with areas of atelectasis and absence of pneumothorax.  No new parenchymal opacities. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___ through ___ at 4:57 a.m.:  An endograft has been inserted in the ascending thoracic aorta.  There has been no interval change in mediastinal configuration comparing this study to previous ones with equivalent positioning, specifically ___ at 12:52 a.m.  ET tube is in standard position, right internal jugular line is in the low SVC.  Compared to 4:57 a.m., heart size has increased mildly, but mild pulmonary edema is unchanged.  Small bilateral pleural effusions have increased and bibasilar atelectasis, severe on the left, moderate on the right, has worsened appreciably.  There is no pneumothorax.  An upper enteric feeding tube passes into the stomach and out of
['Findings: No focal consolidation is seen peer  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  Dual lead left-sided pacemaker is again seen with leads in the expected positions of the right atrium and right ventricle. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.                                                                                ___, MD                                                   ___=___ CC: DR. ___']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: of pneumonia or congestive heart failure. Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Mild-to-moderate cardiomegaly is chronic.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pulmonary vascular abnormality.  Moderate thoracic scoliosis distorts cardiac contours but enlargement is predominantly biatrial.  There is no pulmonary edema or appreciable pleural effusion.  Transvenous right atrial and right ventricular pacer leads follow their expected courses.  There are no radiographic findings of pneumonia or congestive heart failure.', "Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding similar study of ___.  The heart size remains unchanged and is considered to be within normal limits.  No configurational abnormalities identified.  The thoracic aorta mildly widened and shows wall calcifications but there is no local contour abnormality.  The aorta follows the course of the mild S-shaped scoliosis seen in the thoracic spine.  Pulmonary vasculature is not congest
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates clear lungs bilaterally.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or evidence of pulmonary edema.  Imaged osseous structures are without evidence of an acute fracture.  Metallic density is noted within the subcutaneous tissues of the left lateral chest wall.  No air is seen under the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intra thoracic abnormality.  If clinical concern for rib fracture persists, dedicated rib pelvis with radiopaque marker can be performed.  No displaced rib fracture is identified.']
['Findings: Low lung volumes.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiac, mediastinal, and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The visualized bones are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no interval change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Specifically, no pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  The central catheter has been removed. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are clear and well expanded bilaterally with no areas of focal consolidation, masses, lesions, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates a mildly tortuous aorta but otherwise is normal in appearance.  The pleural surfaces are unremarkable. Impression: PA and lateral chest radiographs.  FINDINGS: The lungs are clear and well expanded bilaterally with no areas of focal consolidation, masses, lesions, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates a mildly tortuous aorta but otherwise is normal in appearance.  The pleural surfaces are unremarkable.  IMPRESSION:  No evidence of pulmonary infection or malignancy.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs.  The lungs are hyperinflated.  However, there
['Findings: The patient is intubated.  The endotracheal tube terminates approximately 5 cm above the carina.  An orogastric tube terminates in the stomach.  The heart is normal in size.  The aortic arch is calcified.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable.  The extreme left costophrenic sulcus is partly excluded, but there is no evidence for pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There is patchy left basilar opacity which is most likely to represent minor atelectasis.  Two small apparent nodular densities project over the left mid lung and may be artifactual or potentially could represent true lung nodules, however.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Gallstones project over the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: 1.  Satisfactory positioning of endotracheal tube.  2.  Questionable small nodular densities projecting over the left mid lung.  Short-term repeat radiographs are recommended to see whether these may persist.  3.  Cholelithiasis.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest radiographs:  Low lung volumes explain bronchovascular crowding, but make it difficult to exclude mild interstitial edema.  It also is likely responsible for atelectasis in the left lower lobe simulating consolidation.  There is no pneumothorax or appreciable pleural effusion.  Heart size is exaggerated by low lung volume.  Electrode passes from the left low pectoral power pack to the left paraspinal neck.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms compatible with COPD.  No focal airspace opacity, significant pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged and there is no overt pulmonary edema.  The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  The mediastinal contours and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  An air-fluid level projects in the retrocardiac space compatible with a hiatal hernia.  Rib deformities are noted.  There is S-shaped thoracic scoliosis. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process in the setting of COPD.    2.  Hiatal hernia.   3.  Rib deformities and S-shaped thoracic scoliosis.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  As before, the lungs are hyperinflated compatible with emphy
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Low lung volumes.  Heart size is at the upper limits of normal and unchanged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Mild bibasilar atelectasis.  Lungs are otherwise clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis.']
["Findings: A 1.6 cm oblong radiopaque structure projecting over the upper lateral right hemi thorax may be external to the patient or possibly a stent.Patchy left base retrocardiac opacity seen on the frontal view, not substantiated on the lateral view, may be due to atelectasis.  No definite focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are unremarkable can't not widened as compared to prior studies.  The mediastinum is stable since ___.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema. Mediastinum stable since ___."]
["Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable, as are the hilar contours.  As before, left breast is smaller than the right in keeping with the patient's history of prior lumpectomy.  Possible mild left apical scarring is seen, unchanged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No significant interval change.", 'Findings: There is a thin linear radiopaque object within the anterior chest wall overlying the superior aspect of the left breast, which could possibly be related to a surgical procedure.  The right breast appears to be smaller than the left breast as seen on the previous study consistent with a history of lumpectomy and possible other interval surgical intervention.  Heart appears to be normal in size and configuration.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  Lung fields are clear bilaterally with no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute pulmonary process.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothor
['Findings: Portable frontal chest radiograph demonstrates no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart size is top normal.  The cardiac, hilar, and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lung volumes have improved, heart is smaller and pulmonary vasculature is less engorged.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The heart size is mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  No pulmonary vascular engorgement is seen.  Apart from minimal scarring in the left lung base, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Cholecystectomy clips are again demonstrated in the upper abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Mild degenerative changes are seen along the spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is top normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Patchy atelectasis is noted in the lung bases without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is evident.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings:  Impression: No prior chest radiographs available for review.  Lungs fully expanded and grossly clear.  Heart size top-normal.  No pulmonary edema.  Normal mediastinal and hilar contours.  No pleural abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___.  Lungs grossly clear.  Mild cardiomegaly stable.  No pleural abnormality.  No pneumonia.']
['Findings: were discussed with ___ , by ___ ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 11:47 AM, 2 minutes after discovery of the findings. Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___ through ___.  Moderate pulmonary edema has worsened slightly.  Small to moderate left pneumothorax has developed following removal of the left thoracostomy tube.  Other cardiopulmonary support devices in standard placements.  Pleural effusions small on the right if any.  Severe cardiomegaly is unchanged.  NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed with ___ , by ___ ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 11:47 AM, 2 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are slightly improved.  No focal consolidation.  No pulmonary edema.  Stable moderate to severe cardiomegaly.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  Slight improvement of right pleural effusion but worsening of a small left pleural effusion.  Median sternotomy wires are stable.  Mild thoracolumbar scoliosis. Impression: Slight worsening of a small left pleural effusion
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is detected.  Heart size appears enlarged, but may be exaggerated by low lung volumes.  Pulmonary vasculature appears mildly prominent, but may be exaggerated by low lung volumes. Impression: Low lung volumes without radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: could be explained by cardiac decompensation.  Because of asymmetry in lower lobe involvement there could be concurrent right lower lobe pneumonia, but that diagnosis need not be invoked to explain the current findings.  Pleural effusions are small, if any. Transvenous pacer lead tip projects over the apex of the right ventricle. Impression: AP chest compared to ___ and ___:  Severe cardiomegaly progressed between ___ and ___, subsequently unchanged.  A combination of vascular engorgement and worsening interstitial abnormality suggests all the findings could be explained by cardiac decompensation.  Because of asymmetry in lower lobe involvement there could be concurrent right lower lobe pneumonia, but that diagnosis need not be invoked to explain the current findings.  Pleural effusions are small, if any. Transvenous pacer lead tip projects over the apex of the right ventricle.', 'Findings: A single lead from left pectoral pacemaker device ends at expected location in right ventricle. No pneumothorax. Since ___, mild left pleural effusion has resolved.  Pleural effusion, if any, is minimal on the right side.  Moderately enlarged heart is stable. Medi
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal opacity, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  There is no free air beneath the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear bilaterally.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Visualized osseous structures demonstrate no acute abnormality. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear.  Heart size mediastinal contours are normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Osseous structures are intact. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  Hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  The cardiac silhouette size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No acute osseous abnormality is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: No relevant change as compared to the previous image.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  Status post sternotomy.  Right internal jugular vein catheter.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Prior right-sided central venous catheter is no longer visualized.  On the lateral view there is increased density projecting over the lower thoracic spine new since prior.  This could represent region of atelectasis although developing infection is also possible.  Elsewhere, the lungs are clear without consolidation.  There is pulmonary vascular congestion without overt edema.  Linear midlung opacities bilaterally are most suggestive of atelectasis.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. 
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest CTA and chest radiographs ___.  The previous, severe bilateral perihilar consolidation is now more dependent, indicating atelectasis, and accompanied by moderate right and small left pleural effusions.  The upper lungs are entirely clear.  The heart is obscured but not enlarged for yearly postpartum. , and there is no engorgement of pulmonary or mediastinal vasculature.  Possibility of severe aspiration as the cause of consolidation should be entertained, as well as noncardiogenic edema due to sepsis, hypotension, or amniotic fluid emboli.  Right jugular line ends in the low SVC.']
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  A nodular density with cavitation along the right lower lobe abutting the hemidiaphragm is more distinctly visible but probably decreased in size since the prior study, now with smooth margins.  This may represent a resolving pulmonary infarct but should be followed with either radiography or CT within 6 months to reassess. Impression: 1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  2. Persistent nodular density along the right hemidiaphragm, suspected to represent a small cavitating nodule associated with prior infarct.  However, follow-up is recommended with either radiography or CT within 6 months for surveillance.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size top-normal.  Fullness in the right lower paratracheal station could be dilated azygos vein.  Abnormal convex upward contour to the lateral aspect of the right diaphragmatic pleural surface corresponds to the small mass or abscess at the base of the right lung on the chest CTA performed subsequently but available the time
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Moderate cardiomegaly has worsened, there is new pulmonary and mediastinal vascular engorgement and mild interstitial edema, but no appreciable pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Previously seen pulmonary edema has resolved.  The lungs are clear.  There is no effusion or consolidation.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is top normal.  Median sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are again noted.  Chronic right lateral rib fractures are identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There are multiple median sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips consistent with prior coronary artery bypass graft surgery.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged and there is no overt pulmonary edema.  The hilar contours are within normal limits.  Aside from minimal bibasilar atelectasis, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no evidence of free air beneath the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No evidence
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs, ___ through ___.  Borderline interstitial edema and mild mediastinal venous distention both unchanged.  Heart size normal.  No focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or evidence of pneumothorax.  ET tube and left subclavian lines in standard placements.  Esophageal tube passes into the stomach and out of view.  Esophageal probe ends below level of the carina.  Left subclavian line ends in the low SVC.  Sharp definition of the upper end of the endotracheal tube cuff suggests secretions pooling above it.  Clinical attention advised.  RECOMMENDATION(S): Sharp definition of the upper end of the endotracheal tube cuff suggests secretions pooling above it.  Clinical attention advised.', 'Findings: Support tubes are stable in position.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  Slight increase in perihilar opacities in the right mid to lower lung opacities which may be due to evolving mild pulmonary edema, worsening right-sided aspiration or evolving infection.  Left base opacity may be due
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal. There is mild prominence of the main pulmonary artery which may be due to a component of pulmonary hypertension. Impression: Clear lungs. Slight prominence of the main pulmonary artery may relate to a component of pulmonary hypertension.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Comparison is made to previous study from ___.  Heart size is within normal limits.  There is a hazy density at the right base, which is new.  This may represent atelectasis or developing infiltrate.  There is a 16 mm calcified granuloma in the liver dome which is better assessed on the prior CT scan from ___. Impression: ']
['Findings: Supine frontal view of the lungs demonstrate low lung volumes.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  Streaky atelectasis is seen at the left lung base.  Moderate cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema are unchanged.  The mediastinal contours are unchanged. There is no displaced rib fracture. Impression: 1. Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema.  2. No displaced rib fractures.  If there is focal tenderness and concern for a fracture persists, dedicated rib views with markers would be of utility.', 'Findings: Low lung volumes limit assessment of the lung bases.  Patchy ill-defined opacities within the lung bases, more so on the left, may reflect areas of aspiration, infection, or possibly atelectasis.  The heart size is normal.  The aorta appears tortuous.  There is no pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Low lung volumes limit assessment of the lung bases.  Bibasilar airspace opacities may reflect aspiration, infection, or possibly atelectasis.  Consider repeat
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  A fracture of the proximal left humerus is not imaged in detail on this examination, but is better characterized on a separate series from the same day.  Mild degenerative changes affect the lower thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: Lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: New left lower lobe and retrocardiac opacity can be aspiration pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  No pulmonary edema.  Probable small left effusion, although difficult to assess on this single view.  Heart size is normal.  No pneumothorax. Impression: New left lower lobe consolidation can be atelectasis or pneumonia due to aspiration.']
['Findings: Lung volume remains low but no focal consolidation is identified.  There is bibasilar atelectasis, as before.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unchanged.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of pneumonia, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette is normal in size. Impression: Normal chest x-ray.', 'Findings: Assessment of the lung bases is slightly limited by respiratory motion.  Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Small left pleural effusion is noted with mild bibasilar patchy opacities, likely atelectasis.  No pneumothorax is present.  There are moderate degenerative changes noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: Small left pleural effusion.  Mild bibasilar patchy opacities, likely atelectasis.']
['Findings: The lungs are normally expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  A large osteophyte arises from a mid thoracic level on the left. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities are identified.  A left paravertebral opacity at the level of the mid thoracic spine represents a prominent osteophyte. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral images of the chest.  There are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding.  Again seen is an apparent nodular opacity in the right uper lobe, which appears to have slightly increased in size in the interval.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: 1.  No acute card
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There are probably bilateral calcified hilar lymph nodes .  Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Large right pleural effusion which developed between ___ and ___ has redistributed, but probably not changed overall in volume since ___. Heart is normal size.  Bulging left posterior mediastinal contour just above the diaphragm is probably due to displacement by the right pleural effusion.  Aside from relaxation atelectasis in the right lower lobe, right upper lobe and left lung are clear.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little interval change.  Again there is persistent volume loss with pleural effusion in the right middle and lower lobes with minimal atelectasis at the left base. Otherwise, little change.', 'Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  Low lung volumes are present.  There is crowding of bronchovascular structures with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  New small right pleural effusion appears decreased in size compared to the prior study.  Patchy opacities in the lung bases, more pronounced on the right, are not substantially changed in the
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Portable view of the chest demonstrates clear lungs.  Cardiac silhouette is normal size.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: ET tube ends 3.6 cm above the carina.  NG tube passes into the stomach and out of view.  A new right lower lung opacity is concerning for aspiration or early pneumonia.  Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: New right lower lung opacity concerning for aspiration or early pneumonia.  Telephone notification to Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ at 11:00 on ___, 10 minutes after discovery.']
['Findings:  Impression: Lung volumes are low.  Mild cardiomegaly.  No pulmonary edema, no pleural effusion, no pneumonia.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy.  Heart size is borderline enlarged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vascularity is not engorged.  Linear opacities in the left lung base likely reflect subsegmental atelectasis.  Blunting of the left costophrenic angle is likely indicative of a small pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax or right-sided pleural effusion is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities are detected. Impression: Subsegmental atelectasis in the left lung base.  Small left pleural effusion.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views the chest were viewed.  Fullness of the left hilus could be due to an enlarged left pulmonary artery or adenopathy.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Peripheral pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.   Enlarged left pulmonary artery or hilar adenopathy. Elective clinical evaluation recommended, starting with review of any prior chest radiographs elsewhere and f/u chest radiographs in 4 to 6 weeks. ___ d/w ___ Resident Dr ___ at 8:50AM.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Mild relative enlargement of the left hilus compared to the right is not as striking today, though objectively, not appreciably changed.  If there is no longer referable symptomatology, I would not pursue any further diagnostic imaging.  Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pleural surfaces are normal.']
['Findings: As shown in the CT scan, there are new left lower lobe consolidation.  There is also bibasilar atelectasis and mild bilateral pleural effusion.  Endotracheal tube ends 2.9 cm above carina.  Right subclavian line is in lower SVC.  There is no pneumothorax.  Mediastinal and cardiac contours are unchanged.  CONCLUSION: New left lower lobe consolidation.  Pneumonia or aspiration has to be considered as shown in CT scan. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there are continued low lung volumes with atelectatic changes bilaterally and possible left effusion.  Nasogastric tube extends well into the stomach and the Dobbhoff tube extends to the region of the ligament of Treitz.  Endotracheal tube is essentially unchanged. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  No evidence of pneumothorax or other complication associated with failed line placement.  The only abnormality is a minimal soft tissue air collection in the supraclavicular left-sided region.  No substantial
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lung fields are clear. There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: Single portable semi-erect frontal chest radiograph demonstrates mildly hypoinflated lungs. No focal opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild cardiomegaly with a tortuous thoracic aorta is again noted. Atherosclerotic calcifications of aortic arch are present.  Moderate hiatal hernia is noted.  Limited assessment of the upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2.  Mildly hypoinflated lungs 3.  Persistent mild cardiomegaly with tortuous thoracic aorta. 4.  Moderate hiatal hernia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear.  There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are grossly clear, noting linear lingular opacity suggestive of atelectasis.  Costophrenic angles are sharp and there is no pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: .  There appears to be emphysema and mild interstitial edema.  The stomach is distended. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and aortic arch calcifications.  There are multiple bilateral perihilar and infrahilar mass like opacities measuring up to 3 cm on the right and 2.8 cm on the left.  Previously seen right upper lobe consolidation has improved.  There is, however, new left lower lobe consolidation with obscuration of hemidiaphragm, concerning for new infection. There is no pneumothorax or vascular congestion. Impression: 1.  New left lower lobe consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  Interval improvement of right upper lobe consolidation. 2.  Bilateral perihilar pulmonary mass like opacities, for which correlation with CT is recommended.  If there is no prior exam, CT could be performed for further assessment once acute disease resolves.     Findings reported to Dr. ___ at approximately 8 p.m. on ___.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has undergone EBUS.  The radiographic
['Findings: A single portable chest radiograph was obtained.  Bilateral pleural effusions and mild atelectasis have increased since ___.  Cardiomegaly is unchanged.  There is no consolidation or pneumothorax.  Pacing leads, sternotomy wires, vascular clips, and abdominal surgical clips are unchanged. Impression: Increased bibasilar effusions and atelectasis since ___.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___ and ___.  There is patchy opacity projecting over the heart on the frontal view, not seen on the lateral.  In conjunction with older films this is thought to be related to costochondral calcification.  The lungs are hyperinflated but otherwise clear.  There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable, noting post-operative changes from median sternotomy and mediastinal clips and dual-lead pacing device in stable position.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: Hyperinflation without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: in the lungs.  TECHNIQUE:  Portable upright chest view was read in
['Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged. The aorta is tortuous with atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the arch. Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. Focal opacity is seen within the right lower lobe concerning for pneumonia.  There is likely a small right pleural effusion.  Left lung demonstrates streaky atelectasis at the left lung base but no additional sites of focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or left-sided pleural effusion is demonstrated. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Right lower lobe pneumonia with possible trace right pleural effusion. Follow up radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  Old left upper rib deformities noted.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates borderline cardiac enlargement. Patient is status post median sternotomy. Wires appear intact.  No focal opacity convincing for pneumonia is identified.  There is no overt pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Osseous structures demonstrates no acute abnormality. Impression: No opacity identified convincing for pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  A monitoring device is noted overlying the mid left chest. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are chronically low likely due in part to severe thoracic kyphosis.  The air spaces appear clear without evidence of pneumonia. The heart is mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pleural effusion likely on the left obscures the posterior costophrenic sulcus.  As before the thoracic aorta is tortuous.  Compression deformities of multiple vertebral bodies are re- demonstrated. Impression: Small pleural effusion, likely on the left.  Otherwise no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are low.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Lower thoracic vertebral compression deformities appear unchanged. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: Both lungs are well expanded without any opacities concerning for pneumonia.  There is no pleural abnormality.  Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Thoracic aorta is remarkable mild tortuous course;
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided.  Areas of scarring in the right lung appear similar to those seen on prior CT from ___ as well as a chest radiograph from ___. There is right apical cap noted which could represent a small amount of right pleural fluid.  Alternatively, this may represent increased scarring in this region.  Overall, no significant change from prior.  The left lung remains clear.  Heart size appears mildly enlarged. The mediastinal contour appears normal.   The bony structures appear intact. Impression: Areas of scarring in the right lung grossly unchanged from prior exam.  Slight increase in right apical opacity which could indicate small amount of effusion or pleural thickening.  Mild cardiomegaly also noted.', 'Findings: Areas of increased opacification overlying the right lung.  Could be postsurgical.  Not of typical appearance for pneumonia, however given the significant underlying architectural distortion of the right lung this may represent an infectious process in the proper clinical setting.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Impression: Interval increase in irregular opac
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  Bibasilar patchy and linear opacities are present.  Mild leftward deviation of the trachea likely reflects enlarged right thyroid lobe.  There is small right pleural effusion.  There is no left pleural or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  The bones are very demineralized. Impression: Small right pleural effusion.  Bibasilar opacities favor atelectasis, but coexisting aspiration or infectious pneumonia are not excluded.']
['Findings:  Impression: Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum, and pleural surfaces. No evidence of intrathoracic malignancy or infection.', 'Findings: Normal heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours. Apparent obscuration of the right heart border is related to mild pectus deformity. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute process']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change.  Again, the patient is obliqued towards the right.  No evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  A suture anchor in the right humeral head is unchanged from the prior study. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Again seen is marked distension of the colon.  The dobhoff tube is in the stomach.  Lung volumes are low and there is volume loss at the bases Impression: dobhoff tube in the stomach', 'Findings:  Impression: Tip of the endotracheal tube is about a cm from the carina with the chain elevated.  It should be withdrawn 2.5 cm to prevent unilateral intubation.  Esophageal drainage tube ends in the upper portion of a nondistended stomach.  Left PIC line ends alongside the right jugular lead, close to the superior cavoatrial junction.  Lung bases are elevated, due in part to significant subpulmonic pleural effusion, and atelectasis.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  Enlargement of the right pulmonary artery is probably vascular, more prominent today than on ___.', 'Findings:  Impression: ___.  Decreasing lung volumes, increase in diameter of the pulmonary vasculature, indicative of mild pulmonary edema.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  Retrocardiac atelectasis.  No pleural effusions.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  Anterior spurring in the mid to low thoracic spine is noted. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable with top-normal heart size.  Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Lungs are now fully clear of consolidation.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Hypertrophic changes noted in the spine without acute osseous abnormality. Impression: No acute cardiop
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  All monitoring and support devices, with the exception of the right pectoral Port-A-Cath, were removed.  The pre-existing elevation of the left hemidiaphragm, combines to a platelike atelectasis.  Is stable.  No new focal parenchymal opacities.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  No larger pleural effusions.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.  Lung volumes are low, but there is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  Known  pleural nodularity is better assessed on prior chest CT.  ETT and NG tube are present in appropriate positions.  A CBD stent with fiducial seeds in the pancreas are seen in the upper abdomen.  A right chest port is present with tip terminating in the mid SVC. Impression: 1. ET and NG tubes in appropriate positions. 2. Low lung volumes. No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
["Findings: Rounded 1 cm x 1 cm opacity projecting in the right upper lung may be external to patient and is not seen on prior radiograph.  Lungs are otherwise clear and pleural surfaces are normal.  Heart size, mediastinal contour and hila are normal. Impression: 1.  No radiographic evidence of pneumonia. 2.  Rounded opacity projecting in the right upper lobe may be external to patient.  Consider repeat PA or shallow oblique radiographs without patient's garments for better characterization.  Results were entered into critical results by Dr.___ on ___ to be conveyed to the referring physician.", 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is stable irregular opacity in the lower lungs compatible with known areas of scarring as assessed on prior CT.  No definite signs of pneumonia or CHF.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable with top normal heart size redemonstrated.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Bony structures appear intact. Impression: No signs of pneumonia or CHF.  Stable areas of scarring in the lower lungs.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  As compared to prior chest CTA from earlier today, previously described pneumothorax is not definitely visualized.  No new focal consolidation or pleural effusion. Impression: Previously described pneumothorax not definitely visualized.', 'Findings: Lungs are fully expanded and clear, and pneumothorax can no longer be identified.  No interval change in small left pleural effusion.  Heart size, mediastinal contour and hila are normal. No acute displaced rib fracture is seen on radiograph today. Impression: 1.  Left apical pneumothorax is no longer identified. 2.  Stable small left pleural effusion.', "Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding similar study of ___.  Comparing the frontal views, the chest findings are grossly unaltered.  The on next previous examination diagnosed tiny remnant of pneumothorax in the left apical area is again observed and constitutes a linear density running parallel at 2 mm distance from the apical skeletal chest wall.  Review of chest CT
['Findings: No focal consolidation is seen.  Minimal basilar atelectasis is noted.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Hilar contours are within normal limits.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: No previous images.  Apparent enlargement of the cardiac silhouette most likely reflects a combination of supine portable and lordotic position.  No evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube tip terminates approximately 6.8 cm from the carina.  An enteric tube tip is malpositioned, and terminates within the proximal esophagus, with side port at the level of the thoracic inlet.  The cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged.  The mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  Patchy ill-defined opacity is noted within the right lung base which could reflect an area of aspiration or pneumonia.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No pulmonary edema is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: 1.  Standard position of the  endotracheal tube.  2. Malpositioned enteric tube terminating in the proximal esophagus.  3. Patchy ill-defined opacity in the right lung base could reflect an area of aspiration or pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: '
['Findings: Moderate to severe cardiomegaly is re- demonstrated.  The aortic knob is calcified.  Mild pulmonary edema is noted along with small bilateral pleural effusions.  Prominence of the main pulmonary artery is unchanged and suggestive of underlying pulmonary arterial hypertension.  Bibasilar atelectasis is present.  There is no pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Normal chest radiograph; specifically, no evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Normal lung volumes.  Normal appearance of the lung parenchyma.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia.  No pulmonary edema.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Heart is top normal in size and cardiomediastinal contour is stable.  There is mild pulmonary edema.  The lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Upright AP and lateral views of the chest provided.   Midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are again noted. The lung volumes are low with no convincing sign of pneumonia or CHF.  No large effusion or pneumothorax. The heart size is top-normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. Bony structures are intact. Impression: No acute findings.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal.  The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded but grossly clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: are worrisome for pneumonia or aspiration.  Heart size is upper limits of normal but unchanged.  There are no pneumothoraces. Impression: Bibasilar opacities are again seen.  There is a new area of consolidation within the left mid lung field.  Findings are worrisome for pneumonia or aspiration.  Heart size is upper limits of normal but unchanged.  There are no pneumothoraces.', 'Findings: Right infrahilar and left perihilar opacities are noted with otherwise clear lungs.  These findings are concerning for multifocal pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Within the limitations of technique cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Impression: Bilateral opacities concerning for pneumonia.  Follow-up radiographs are suggested to show resolution.']
['Findings: Chest PA and lateral radiographs demonstrate unremarkable mediastinal, hilar, and cardiac contours.  The lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax evident. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: There is a left-sided central venous line with the distal tip projecting over the left axilla.  Heart size is within normal limits.  There is tortuosity and calcification of thoracic aorta.  There is a small left-sided pleural effusion with atelectasis at the left lung base. Vague opacity at the right base may be due to atelectasis or developing infiltrate.  No pneumothoraces are seen.', 'Findings: Single AP upright portable view of the chest was obtained.  There is minimal left base atelectasis.  Subcentimeter calcified nodular opacities projecting over the right mid-to-lower lung most likely represent calcified granulomas.  No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The aorta is somewhat tortuous/unfolded.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal. Impression: Mild left base atelectasis.  Calcified right pulmonary nodules likely representing calcified granulomas.  No focal consolidation.']
['Findings: While a prominent right cardiophrenic fat pad was seen on the prior study, there is increased opacity at the medial right base which may be due to an underlying consolidation in addition to the prominent fat pad.  Prominent left cardiophrenic fat pad is also again seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac size is top normal.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  There is again right greater than left biapical pleural thickening.  Scarring at the right upper lobe.  There is also evidence of a hiatal hernia, with small air-fluid level seen on the lateral view. Impression: 1.  Increased right middle lobe opacity which may represent infection in addition to prominent cardiophrenic fat. 2.  Hiatal hernia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a tunneled right IJ dialysis catheter tip terminating in the right atrium.  There is a subtle retrocardiac opacity seen best on the lateral view.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal. Impression: Subtle left retrocardiac opacity may represent pneumonia in the proper clinical setting.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  A dialysis catheter is seen with left IJ access with its tip in the cavoatrial junction.  There is no pneumothorax.  Lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Appropriately positioned dialysis catheter.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are slightly low.  Heart size is top normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', '
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: A rim-calcified density projecting over the posterior left lower chest reflects a splenic pseudocyst based on the prior CT and appears unchanged.  The heart is again markedly enlarged with a globular configuration, but unchanged.  The patient is status post mitral and tricuspid valve replacements.  There is a single-lead pacemaker on the right with a lead extending into the coronary sinus.  Via the left-sided pacemaker box, there are two leads that terminate in the right ventricle.  A mild-to-moderate interstitial abnormality in addition to enlargement of central pulmonary vessels suggests similar mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema.  There is also a persistent small-to-moderate left-sided pleural effusion with some shifting but probably no substantial change in overall size as well as associated atelectasis.  The bones appear demineralized.  Mild degenerative changes are noted along the thoracic spine. Impression: Similar findings including mild-to-moderate pulmonary vascular congestion and left-sided pleural effusion.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has developed mild-to-moderate
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits.  The hilar contours are normal. Focal opacity at the right lung base is concerning for pneumonia.  Upper lungs are clear.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Right lower lobe pneumonia.  Follow-up chest radiograph is recommended upon completion of treatment to document resolution.', 'Findings: Portable frontal view of the chest.  The lung volumes are low; however, within this limitation, the lungs are clear without focal opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  The two most inferior cervical spine screws are fractured which is new since ___. Impression: Fracture of the two most inferior cervical spine screws is new since ___. No acute intrathoracic process.  Comment: ___ discussed with ___ by ___.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  On the lateral view, in the posterior lung, there is a consolidation which is most consistent with pneumonia.  It is likely in the left lower lobe.  Upper lung zones are clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Cerv
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of pneumothorax. Small hiatal hernia.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, there has been placement of a Dobhoff tube, with its opaque tip just distal to the esophagogastric junction.  It should be pushed forward about 5-10 cm for more optimal positioning. No change in the appearance of the heart and lungs.', 'Findings:  Impression: No comparison available.  The lung volumes are normal.  Mild cardiomegaly.  No pleural effusions, no pulmonary edema, no pneumonia.  A focal increase in density at the level of the right sternoclavicular joint is likely caused by a combination of degenerative changes an asymmetrical positioning of the upper extremities.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Stable appearance to the chest with persistent right effusion and associated airspace opacity which may reflect atelectasis, pneumonia or aspiration.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are likely unchanged given patient rotation.  There is biapical pleural thickening, likely post-inflammatory in etiology.  No evidence of pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.  Lungs are hyperinflated consistent with underlying emphysema.', 'Findings: A portable upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates right lower lobe consolidation as well as chronically hyperinflated lungs.  There is a probable small right pleural effusion as well.  The lungs are otherwise clear. Mild cardiomegaly is chronic.  The aorta is unfolded and contains atherosclerotic calcifications.  There is no pneumothorax.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: Right lower lobe pneumonia with small right pleural effusion.', 'Findings: The lungs remain hyperinflated, suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  Right basilar opacity is seen which may be due to partial right lower lobe collapse with possible small right pleural effusion.  No focal
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated, suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. No focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Aortic knob calcification is noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes are appropriate. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
["Findings: In the right lower lobe, overlying the ___ posterior rib, there appears to be a nodular density; this may be related to the patient's nipple. Otherwise, the lungs are clear.  Cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  Aorta is tortuous.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Possible right lower lobe nodule, likely nipple.  Recommend repeat radiographs with nipple markers.   Findings communicated to the ED QA nurses.", 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Lungs remain well inflated without evidence of focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  No pleural effusions, pneumothoraces or pulmonary edema.  Overall, cardiac and mediastinal contours unchanged.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs, heart, mediastinum, and hilar, and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no evidence of pneumonia. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Lungs clear, normal cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. 7mm round opacities projecting over each ___ anterior interspace are probably nipple shadows, but because they are of different attenuation, their identity should be confirmed with SHALLOW OBLIQUE  views employing nipple markers. The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: was E-mailed to the ED QA nursing staff.                                                                        ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT HISTORY:  ___-year-old male with hyperglycemia.    COMPARISON:  Chest radiograph of ___.    FIND
['Findings: The lung volumes are normal. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation. Bibasilar opacities are likely atelectasis. The heart is top normal size but unchanged from ___.  There is no pulmonary edema.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process']
['Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged, not significantly changed since prior examination.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits.  Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is no interval change.  Mild hyperexpansion of the lungs with no acute pneumonia.  No vascular congestion or pleural effusion. Impression: ']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral chest radiograph demonstrate low lung volumes.  Heart is upper limits of normal in size, likely exaggerated by low lung volumes.  There is bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis.  There is no evidence of pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No focal consolidation convincing for pneumonia is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs ___ through ___.  Lung volumes have improved substantially.  Lungs are clear.  Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces.  New right IJ line ends in the mid SVC.  No evidence of complication.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Minimal atelectatic changes are seen at the left base.']
['Findings: The heart size is mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal contours are unremarkable. There is crowding of the bronchovascular structures, likely the result of low lung volumes.  Additionally, patchy bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect atelectasis.  Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is noted.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: Low lung volumes which limit the assessment of the lung bases.  Probable bibasilar atelectasis.  Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.']
["Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  While the right shoulder is not well evaluated, the right humeral head may be somewhat high riding, correlate with patient's symptoms; if so, this can be seen in rotator cuff disease. Impression: No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  Clear lungs."]
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the signs indicative of pulmonary edema have decreased.  Moderate cardiomegaly with slight enlargement of the vascular diameters persist.  No larger pleural effusions.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  No large pleural effusion is seen.  There is no pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is moderate to markedly enlarged.  The aorta is tortuous. Impression: Pulmonary vascular congestion and enlarged cardiac silhouette.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___, no relevant change is seen.  The right chest tube is in constant position.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  Unchanged minimal atelectasis at the left lung bases.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings: Right chest wall port is again seen.  There is linear scarring at the right lung base medially.  Lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Postoperative changes of prior esophagectomy are better seen on prior CT scan.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Mediastinal contours unremarkable including the neo esophagus.  Port-A-Cath catheter tip is at the cavoatrial junction. NG tube tip terminates at the level of the high axis.  There is small right apical pneumothorax and subcutaneous air within the right chest wall. No substantial right pleural effusion is seen.  Left pleural effusion is demonstrated, as well as left basal atelectasis.', 'Findings: indicate postsurgical improvement.  Unch
['Findings: There are relatively low lung volumes.  Mild left base atelectasis is seen without definite focal consolidation.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___ through ___.  Although moderate cardiomegaly persists pulmonary vascular engorgement has improved.  No pulmonary edema.  No appreciable pleural effusion.  Heterogeneous opacification base of the left lung is new.  This could be atelectasis alone or early pneumonia.  Close followup advised.  Right jugular line ends in the low SVC.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change is noted.  Low lung volumes.  Moderate cardiomegaly with enlargement of the left ventricle.  Moderate elongation of the descending aorta.  Stable position of the right internal jugular vein catheter.  No overt pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.', 'Findings:  Impression: Very low lung volumes.  Minimal b
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No pneumonia.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low, accentuating the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vasculature.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is a subtle left perihilar consolidation suspicious for pneumonia.  Right lung is clear.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Subtle left perihilar consolidation suspicious for pneumonia.  Lateral view may be helpful.']
['Findings: Overall, there has been no significant interval change of the bilateral perihilar and lower lung opacities, right greater than left, compared to the most recent prior radiograph.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are persistent.  There is no pneumothorax.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged compared to exams dated back to ___. Impression: Stable bilateral perihilar and lower lung opacities, right greater than left, compared to the prior radiograph from ___.', 'Findings: Compared with the prior radiographs, bibasilar opacities have slightly decreased in extent and severity. Persistent reticular opacities are suggestive of chronic interstitial lung disease, better evaluated on recent CT of ___. Blunting of bilateral costophrenic angles is likely due to pleural thickening. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: 1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Slight improvement in bibasilar airspace opacities. 3. Reticular opacities compatible
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bones are intact. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded, without focal opacities.  There might be mild bilateral hilar vascular engorgement but no focal opacities.  Cardiomediastinal contour is unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No subdiaphragmatic free air is identified. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits.  The hila are unremarkable.  Lower lung opacification seen only on lateral view is favored to represent atelectasis in the setting of a suboptimal inspiratory effort.  There is no correlate on frontal view with a better inspiration.  There is no pulmonary venous congestion or pulmonary edema.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There is no evidence of a displaced rib fracture. Impression: Lower lobe opacity on lateral view is favored represent atelectasis in the setting of a suboptimal inspiratory effort.  No acute cardiopulmonary process. No displaced rib fracture identified.', 'Findings: Top-normal heart size is normal mediastinal and hilar contours. Focal opacity at the right middle lobe is consistent with pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax Impression: Right middle lobe pneumonia.  Recommend follow up chest radiograph after treatment to ensure resolution.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the telephone on ___ at 1:13 PM, 30 minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The heart size is top-normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  Mild streaks of atelectasis are seen at the base of the right lung and there is mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  Otherwise, the lungs are well expanded and clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: Atelectatic changes at the base of the right lung with mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm in an otherwise unremarkable examination.', 'Findings: Since the prior exam, the lung volumes are lower. Opacities at the bilateral bases are most compatible with atelectasis. There is no pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The aorta is tortuous with calcifications along the aortic arch. It is unchanged in appearance since the prior exam. The heart is mildly enlarged. Impression: 1.  Bibasilar atelectasis. 2.  Mild cardiomegaly. 3.  Unchanged appearance of the tortuous aorta.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are hyperinflated but clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: As compared ___, new peribronchiolar opacities have developed in the inferior lingular segment and to a lesser extent in left lower lobe. Lungs remain hyperinflated, suggestive of COPD. Cardiomediastinal contours are normal and without change. No pleural effusion. Impression: Lingular and left basilar abnormalities are most likely due to acute bronchi pneumonia in the setting of fever and productive cough.  Followup radiographs in ___ weeks are recommended to document resolution after appropriate antibiotic therapy.  NOTIFICATION:  The impression and recommendation above was entered by Dr. ___ on ___ at 10:55 into the Department of Radiology critical communications system for direct communication to the referring provider.', 'Findings:  Impression: A in comparison with the study of ___, there has been complete clearing of the ling
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.', 'Findings: The lungs are free of focal consolidations, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. There is no pulmonary edema. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: Lungs are well expanded and clear.  Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  No new concerning skeletal abnormalities are detected. Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate fully expanded and clear lungs. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pleural surfaces are unremarkable. Impression: Normal chest radiograph. Specifically, no evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal size. Impression
['Findings: Subtle left lower lobe opacities are new concerning for infection.  Right lung is unremarkable.  Prior sternotomy was done for mitral valve repair and tricuspid  annulus plasty.  The cardiac contour is not dilated.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  CONCLUSION:  New left lower lobe opacity is concerning for pneumonia.    This was discussed directly by telephone with Dr. ___. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  In the interval from the prior study, there has been development of patchy opacity in the right mid-to-lower lungs and as well as in the left lower lobe, worrisome for multifocal pneumonia.  No large pleural effusion is seen.  There is no pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: Multifocal pneumonia.', 'Findings: A linear opacities in the left lung base have decreased since ___, probably atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. The cardiac and medi
['Findings: Since the prior exam, the right PICC has been pulled back. The tip is now at the cavoatrial junction. The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: Right PICC with the tip at the cavoatrial junction.', 'Findings: A right PICC is present with the tip in the right atrium. It could be pulled back 4 to 5 cm to be at the cavoatrial junction. The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: Right PICC with the tip in the right atrium.  To be at the cavoatrial junction, the PICC could be pulled back 4 to 5 cm.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with ___ of the IV team on the telephone on ___ at 1:44 PM, 25 minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings: There are no old films available for comparison.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  There is volume loss/early infiltrate in both lower lobes with obscuration of the right mid hemidiaphragm and left heart border.  There is mild pulmonary vascular redistribution. Impression: Bilateral lower lobe infiltrates.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged in appearance. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lungs are very low in volume, presumably chylous of forced elevation of the diaphragm, resulting in relatively mild linear basal atelectasis. Upper lungs are clear. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and there is no evidence of pleural effusion.', 'Findings: A nasogastric tube courses into the stomach, its distal course not delineated. The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There are very small bilateral pleural effusions.  There is no pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: Nasogastric tube coursing into the stomach.  Very small pleural effusions.  Clear lungs.', 'Findings: No definite focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopul
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal contours are stable with calcification of the aortic knob. Widening of the right paratracheal stripe is stable since ___ but new since ___.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Patchy opacification at the left lung base may be consistent with atelectasis, aspiration, or pneumonia in the correct clinical setting.  The pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Impression: 1. Left lower lobe consolidation which may be consistent with aspiration or pneumonia in the correct clinical setting. 2. Widening of the right paratracheal stripe, which is new since ___ but stable since ___. While this may represent developing tortuosity of mediastinal vasculature, a PA chest radiograph is recommended on a nonurgent basis for further evaluation.', 'Findings: Compared with ___, no definite change is detected.  Again seen is a small posterior left pleural effusion, question on the left, with underlying collapse and/or consolidation, grossly similar to the prior study.  Patchy opacities at both lung bases the blunting of the right costophrenic angle is also similar.  Within the
['Findings: Portable upright chest radiograph demonstrates no pneumoperitoneum. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Minimal atelectatic changes are noted in the bilateral lung bases.  No opacification concerning for pneumonia identified.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.  Deformity of right clavicle and multiple right rib deformities are likely related to healed fractures. Impression: No pneumoperitoneum.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Heart size is normal.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural abnormality.  Multiple healed fractures are seen in the right chest cage.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Multiple healed fractures in the right chest are again noted.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  No free air.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Mild tortuosity of the
['Findings: IMPRESSION (PFI): ___ ___ ___ 3:56 PM  Left apical mass; no evidence of pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum; no pleural  effusion. PFI VERSION #1 ___ ___ ___ 3:18 PM  PFI:  Minimal retrocardiac atelectasis, but no definite evidence of pneumonia. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT HISTORY:  ___-year-old male with left upper lobe mass status post biopsy.  STUDY:  PA and lateral chest radiograph.  COMPARISON:  Chest x-ray from ___ and chest CT from ___.  FINDINGS:  The heart and mediastinal contours appear normal.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Again is noted in the left apex, a rounded mass, better characterized on CT from ___. Impression: (PFI): ___ ___ ___ 3:56 PM  Left apical mass; no evidence of pneumothorax or pneumomedi
['Findings: Portable semi-upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates low lung volumes, which results in bronchovascular crowding. Increased opacity at the bilateral bases, left greater than right, is most prominent in the retrocardiac region. Additional patchy opacity is present in the right middle lobe, partially obscuring the right heart border Note is made of a small left-sided pleural effusion. There cardiac silhouette is unchanged. The aorta remains tortuous. There is no pneumothorax. Impression: 1.    Bibasilar opacities favor atelectasis. Additional patchy right middle lobe opacity could reflect atelectasis or infectious pneumonia. Short-term followup radiographs may be helpful in this regard. .  2.  Small left pleural effusion.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Moderate scoliosis with subsequent asymmetry of the rib cage.  Moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta but normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Pre-existing areas of bilateral symmetrical pleural thickening are unchanged.  The lungs show signs of overinflation that could, for example, reflect moderate COPD
['Findings: Portable upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates low lung volumes.  There is probable left basilar atelectasis.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: Probable left basilar atelectasis.  Correlate clinically to exclude possibility of aspiration/pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  There is an anterior wedge deformity of likely the L1 vertebral body which was present on prior.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear of consolidation or effusion.  Left-sided convex contour of the upper mediastinum is unchanged from previous exam compatible with enlarged thyroid.  Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but stable in configuration.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unchanged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is detected.  There is mild bibasilar atelectasis.  Blunting of the left costophrenic angle is likely secondary to pleural thickening, as seen on prior CT.  Heart and mediastinal contours are stable with rightward shift of the trachea secondary to enlarged left lobe of the thyroid, as seen previously.  The aorta is tortuous and calcified. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are poorly inflated.  There is bilateral diffuse airspace and interstitial opacities with an apico-basal gradient, vascular cephalization, bilateral hilar prominence, bilateral small pleural effusions in the setting of stable moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax. Impression: Constellation of findings compatible with acute-on-chronic congestive heart failure.', 'Findings: IMPRESSION (PFI): ___ ___ ___ 7:58 PM  Unchanged left basilar atelectasis.  No marked change from prior study. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT INDICATION:  Evaluate a persistent opacity in left lung base and patient with AML and CHF.  COMPARISON:  Chest radiographs from ___ and ___.  PA AND LATERAL VIEWS OF THE CHEST:  There is stable left lower lobe atelectasis.  Otherwise, the lungs are clear.  The heart size is top normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  There is
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lung fields are clear. There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable.  An azygous fissure is noted.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.  No signs of free intraperitoneal air.']
['Findings: No previous images.  The heart is at the upper limits of normal in size and there is no evidence of vascular congestion.  Opacification at the left base silhouetting the hemidiaphragm is consistent with some combination of volume loss in the left lower lobe and pleural effusion.  The right lung is essentially clear. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: Left lower lobe consolidation appears to be minimally improved radiographically.  Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  No appreciable pleural effusion.  No appreciable pneumothorax.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', "Findings: to the patient's nurse  by telephone on ___ at 8:14 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings. Impression: There is a small area of irregular density in the left lung base. This could be related to infection, but a follow-up study when the patient's symptoms have cleared would be recommended to exclude an underlying nodule.  There is no pneumothorax, effusion or CHF.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  A follow-up chest x-ray when the patient's symptoms have cleared would be recommended to re-evaluate the density in the left lung base. If this persists, then CT scanning would be recommended to exclude underlying malignancy.  NOTIFICATION:  Dr.
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Since ___, ET tube has been removed and lung volumes are consequently slightly smaller, exaggerating the extent of moderate pre-operative cardiomegaly, really unchanged.  There is little residual pulmonary edema, though bibasilar atelectasis left more severe than right is persistent.  No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.  Swan-Ganz catheter traversing a right jugular sheath ends in the right pulmonary artery.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: There is moderate cardiomegaly which is unchanged compared to the prior exam.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vascularity is not engorged.  Patchy ill-defined opacity within the right lung base could reflect developing infection or atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Impression: Patchy opacity within the right lung base which is nonspecific but may reflect an area of infection or atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  No consolidation or pulmonary edema. 2.  Stable moderate cardiome
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged evidence of moderate scoliosis, causing asymmetry of the rib cage and a slight difference in radiolucency of the left and right lung parenchyma.  Moreover, there is status post left mastectomy.  No evidence of pneumonia, no pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm.  There is minimal basilar atelectasis.  Lungs are clear, otherwise.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  A scoliotic deformity is unchanged.  Bony structures are otherwise unremarkable. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal contour is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: Bilateral small-to-moderate pleural effusions are stable.  Left lower lobe atelectasis is minimal and improved.  Very mild pulmonary edema is stable since yesterday, but worst since ___.  Mediastinal and cardiac contours are normal.  There is no pneumothorax.  CONCLUSION:  Minimal pulmonary edema and bilateral mild-to-moderate pleural effusions are unchanged. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged evidence of massive overinflation.  In addition, the patient has developed new bilateral small pleural effusions and retrocardiac atelectasis.  The lung apices continue to show mild fibrotic changes.  The overall size of the cardiac silhouette has not substantially increased. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the transparency of the lung parenchyma has slightly increased.  On the other hand, the pre-existing bilateral pleural effusions have slightly increased in extent.  The size of the cardiac silhouette is constant. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of chest were provided.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs are well expanded with mild interstitial prominence, which may be related to mild pulmonary edema or chronic pulmonary disease.  There is no focal consolidation. Impression: Interstitial prominence, which may be due to mild edema or a chronic process.  No focal consolidation.']
['Findings: Portable semi-erect chest film ___ at 239 is submitted. Impression: Lungs remain relatively well inflated with persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and no evidence of focal airspace consolidation, pulmonary edema, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable given differences in positioning between studies.  Old right-sided rib fractures with no acute bony abnormality appreciated.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Subtle medial right base opacity is felt to likely be due to overlap of structures.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Medial right base opacity is felt to most likely be due to overlap of structures; however, given history of hemoptysis, should consider non-urgent chest CT, which is more sensitive.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the right IJ catheter is been removed.  Again there is substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette in a patient with intact midline sternal wires.  Hyperexpansion of the lungs suggests some chronic pulmonary disease.  However, no acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___, postoperative appearance of cardiomediastinal contours is stable.  Slight worsening of retrocardiac atelectasis and small bilateral pleural effusions.  No other relevant changes.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Heart size top normal, lungs clear.  No pleural abnormality.  No pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study ___ ___, the left chest tube has been removed and there is no evidence of pneumothorax.  Otherwise, little overall change in the appearance of the heart and lungs with streaks of atelectasis at the left base.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate mild to moderate cardiomegaly, increased compared to ___.  The
['Findings: Single frontal view of the chest provided. There is a mild atelectasis of the left lung base. Blunting of the right costophrenic angle could be due to a trace right pleural effusion.  No focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.  There is prominent superior right mediastinal contour, likely from the tortuosity of great vessels as seen on the C-spine CT of the same day.  The cardiac silhouette is normal. Imaged bones are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: Mild atelectasis of the left lung base and possible trace right pleural effusion.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  The pleural surfaces are normal without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Endotracheal tube terminates 4.1 cm from the carina.  Enteric tube tip and side port are within the stomach.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  There is minimal atelectasis in the left lung base.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: Endotracheal and enteric tube tips in standard positions.', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube is slightly low lying terminating approximately 2.6 cm from the carina.  An enteric tube tip is just beyond the gastroesophageal junction and the side port is in the distal esophagus.  Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Gaseous distention of the stomach is demonstrated. Impression: 1. Low lying endotracheal tube terminates approximately 2.5 cm from the carina and recommend slight withdrawal.  2. The
['Findings: ET tube is 2.4 cm above the carina.  Chest ___ are again visualized.  There is increased opacity at the left base most likely representing an infiltrate in that area, although overlying soft tissue could have a similar appearance.  There is mild pulmonary vascular re-distribution which is slightly worse than on the prior study.  Heart size continues to be moderately enlarged.  Right IJ Swan-Ganz catheter tip is in the pulmonary outflow tract.  Left IJ line tip is in the SVC. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: by telephone with the NP covering the service at 10:45 am. Impression: AP chest compared to ___, ___:04 a.m.  ET tube is in standard placement.  New left supraclavicular dual-channel catheter ends at the origin of the SVC.  A right internal jugular line traverses an introducer and ends in the right ventricle, below the pulmonary outflow tract.  There is no new mediastinal widening attributable to line placement.  The thoracic aorta is quite large generally and tortuous and mediastinal veins are presumably dilated
['Findings: There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion and pulmonary edema.  Increased opacification adjacent to the right hilum may represent asymmetric edema or possibly early pneumonia. The heart is stably mildly enlarged. The endotracheal tube ends 6.1 cm from the carina. The enteric tube ends within the decompressed stomach, however the side port ends in the distal esophagus, this should be advanced 7 cm for optimal placement. A right IJ introduction sheath ends at the origin of the SVC. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: 1. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and pulmonary edema. 2. Enteric tube side port within the distal esophagus, should be advanced 7 cm for optimal placement. 3. Right hilar prominence may be secondary to volume overload, but in the proper clinical setting, a focal consolidation cannot be ruled out.', 'Findings: The ET tube is 5 cm above the Carina.  There is pulmonary vascular due to redistribution and moderate cardiomegaly compatible with fluid overload.  There is minimal blunting of the CP angles but no definite pleural effusion there is retrocardiac opacity with air bronchograms the
['Findings: Lungs are well-expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No pneumonia.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The heart is of normal size with normal cardiomediastinal contours.  The pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable.  The lungs are clear without focal or diffuse abnormality.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Osseous structure are unremarkable.  No radiopaque foreign body. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___ through ___:  Previous consolidation in the upper lungs has almost entirely cleared, with a small residual only in the right apex.  Lower lungs are still abnormal, left relatively mild atelectasis, right consolidated due either to atelectasis or pneumonia.  Most striking change is the rapid resolution from the upper lungs of what might have been called pneumonia, but was instead asymmetric edema.  Heart is of top normal size, decreased slightly since ___.  Small-to-moderate bilateral pleural effusions are presumed, but not enlarging. No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there are no relevant changes noted.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Sternal wires in unchanged position.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no overt pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings: may represent resolving aspiration or pulmonary hemorrhage related to recent cardiac arrest or resolving pulmonary edema in an atypical distribution.  Clinical correlation is advised.  No large effusions.  No pneum
['Findings:  Impression: Vague opacity in the right upper to mid lung may be due to pneumonia.  Recommend follow-up to resolution.']
['Findings: A new area of segmental consolidation has developed in the anterior medial segment of the left lower lobe, and is best visualized on the lateral view.  As well as a linear area of atelectasis in the lingula.  Lungs are otherwise clear, and cardiomediastinal contours are stable.  No definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Left lower lobe opacity is concerning for focal pneumonia in the setting of infectious symptoms.  Followup radiographs are recommended in ___ weeks after completion of antibiotic therapy to document resolution.', 'Findings: might potentially represent infectious process, in particular in the left lung base and should be further closely followed.  No pneumothorax or appreciable interval increase in pleural effusion demonstrated. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to most recent prior chest radiographs, ___, read in conjunction with intervening abdomen CT showing images of the lower chest.  Lungs are clear.  Heart size is normal.  Pulmonary vasculature mildly engorged.  Healed right lower rib fracture noted.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  There is
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Otherwise, no focal opacities identified.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is top normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours appear unremarkable.  The lungs appear clear.  No obvious pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No apparent rib fractures. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Interval placement of right-sided ___ drain with tip projecting over the lower right hemithorax.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Lung volumes are lower with interval increase in atelectasis, particularly on the left.  Pulmonary vascular congestion is mild, despite lower lung volumes.  Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm secondary to volume loss post VATS wedge resection. The heart is top-normal in size, unchanged.  The mediastinum and hila are within normal limits. Impression: No pneumothorax.  Appropriate position of right ___ drain.', 'Findings: There are low lung volumes, which results in bronchovascular crowding.  Linear opacity at the right base is most consistent with atelectasis.  Atelectasis is also seen at the left base.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions.  There has been interval removal of the right-sided chest tube.  No pneumothorax.  Suture material projects over the right mid lung, consistent with history of VATS wedge resection. Impression: 1.  No pneumothorax.  2.  Bibasilar atelect
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate mild cardiomegaly.  However, there is no evidence of pulmonary edema.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Postoperative caliber of the cardiomediastinal silhouette has not changed appreciably since ___ following extubation.  There is no appreciable pleural effusion, left pleural and midline drains still in place.  Right jugular line ends in the mid SVC.  Lungs grossly clear.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  The heart size remains mildly enlarged, and the mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion.  Streaky opacity in the left lower lobe likely reflects atelectasis.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions, perhaps minimally increased compared to the previous exam.  No pneumothorax is identified.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No pulmonary edema.  Small bilateral pleural effusions, perhaps minimally increased in size compared to the prior exam with left lower lobe atelectasis.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneum
['Findings:  Impression: Esophageal tube ends in the distal stomach. Tip of a presumed  Lungs are low in volume, but there is no consolidation. It would be difficult to exclude mild interstitial edema. Heart size is top-normal. Mediastinal veins mildly dilated. Pleural effusions small if any. No pneumothorax.  Epidural infusion line projects over the lower thoracic spine.', 'Findings: No previous images.  The heart is normal in size and there is moderate tortuosity of the aorta.  No acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  Of incidental note is a common bile duct stent. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained demonstrating clear well expanded lungs without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Heart and mediastinal contours appear normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.  There is mild degenerative disease in the mid thoracic spine. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Again seen within the right lower lobe is an approximately 2 cm rounded mass, perhaps slightly larger compared to the prior CT and new from the prior chest radiograph, and compatible with metastasis.  Remainder of the lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Mild to moderate degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: Re- demonstration of right lower lobe pulmonary metastasis, perhaps larger compared to the prior CT.  No radiographic evidence for pneumonia.', 'Findings: There is a hematoma in the right lower lung adjacent to
['Findings: Allowing for supine AP portable technique and low lung volumes, the cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are probably within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Irregular contours along the left posterior lateral fifth and sixth ribs suggest prior fractures, but probably not recent. Impression: No definite evidence of recent injury.  Old left-sided rib fractures.']
['Findings: No consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal size. Impression: Unremarkable chest radiograph.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___ through ___.  Moderate bilateral pleural effusion increased.  Moderate bibasilar atelectasis or probably unchanged. Heart size normal.  Upper lungs clear.', 'Findings: As compared to chest radiograph from the same day, overall no substantial change in the left hydro pneumothorax, pneumomediastinum and substantial subcutaneous air.  Left basilar opacities are constant likely atelectasis.  Scarring in the right hilus and hyperinflation unchanged. Impression: Overall no substantial change of the left hydro pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change.  Bilateral pleural effusions are stable.  Proportional areas of atelectasis are seen at the lung bases.  No new focal parenchymal abnormalities.  Normal size of the heart.  Stable correct position of the right internal jugular vein catheter.', 'Findings: New opacities in the right upper and right mid chest are post procedure changes least there is no evident pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. The cardiomediastinal
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal in size.  There is no pulmonary edema. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear; incidental note is made of an azygous lobe.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No displaced rib fracture is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear with unchanged.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
["Findings: AP portable view of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no mediastinal widening. Impression: No pneumothorax.  No acute findings.  Findings were discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ at 10 o'clock a.m. on ___ by telephone."]
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  There are streaky bibasilar opacities, potentially atelectasis.  Superiorly, the lungs are clear.  There is no effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: Bibasilar opacities potentially due to atelectasis.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Hilar contours are stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates well expanded and clear lungs.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Chronic healed left ___ posterior rib fracture is incidentally noted. Impression: No pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the bilateral basal parenchymal opacities are still clearly seen but have mildly decreased in extent and severity.  No new opacities have appeared.  Unchanged position and course of the monitoring and support devices.  Unchanged size of the cardiac silhouette, unchanged moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Impression: ', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  Patchy opacities overlying the lower lung fields bilaterally are concerning for pneumonia.  Mild bibasilar atelectasis is seen, left greater than right.  There is a small left pleural effusion.  There is no evidence of a pneumothorax.  Note is made of rib fractures involving the left ___, ___, ___ ribs, of indeterminate chronicity.    ET tube terminates approximately 4.4 cm above the carina.  There is an enteric tube which extends below the diaphragm with the tip out of view of this film. Impression: 1.  ET tube terminates approximately 4.4 cm above the carina.   2.
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate slightly low lung volumes with exaggeration of the cardiac silhouette and bronchovascular crowding.  Allowing for this, the heart is not enlarged.  The is minimally unfolded.  Increased opacity or they lower lobe on the lateral view likely represents artifact due to underpenetration and multiple overlapping the anatomic structures.  Allowing for this, no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is detected.  The visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable. Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis.  No definite infiltrate.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  A subtle opacity at the right heart border likely represents crowding of vascular structures and atelectasis.  There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Dual lead right-sided pacemaker is seen with leads extending the expected positions of the right atrium and right ventricle.The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.  The size of the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal. Impression: No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: Low lung volumes are present.  Cardiac silhouette size is mildly enlarged, similar to the prior study.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is crowding of bronchovascular structures but no overt pulmonary edema.  Patchy opacities in lung bases may reflect atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is visualized. Impression: Low lung volumes.  Patchy opacities in the lung bases may reflect areas of atelectasis, but infection or aspiration cannot be fully excluded in the correct clinical setting.']
['Findings:  Impression: Normal radiograph of the chest.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the lungs are well expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax, pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.  There is no evidence of fracture within the visualized osseous structures.  Details of the left shoulder are better characterized on concurrent radiographs of the left shoulder. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Elevation of left hemidiaphragm with associated left lower lobe atelectasis.  No evidence for pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: Worsening airspace opacities within the right lung base and right mid lung field likely reflecting worsening infection, possibly aspiration pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: 1) Persistent patchy opacities in the right mid and lower zones. Differential diagnosis includes a pneumonic infiltrate or changes related to aspiration pneumonia.  2) ? new area of cavitation within the right base infiltrate.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Status post esophagectomy and gastric pull-up, no newly occurred parenchymal opacities.  The pre-existing opacities in the right lung are constant.  Unchanged overinflation and small cardiac silhouette.  No pleural effusions. Impression: ', 'Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in upright position.  Comparison is made with the frontal view of the next preceding PA and lateral chest examination of ___.  Multiple wires are overlying the frontal chest view.  No pneumothorax can be identified in comparison with the frontal view of the previous examination.  The patient is status
['Findings: Subtle left base opacity could be due to atelectasis, but pneumonia is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: Subtle left base opacity could be due to atelectasis, but pneumonia is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum and pleural surfaces.']
['Findings: Portable semi-upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates low lung volumes with resulting bronchovascular crowding.  There has been interval increase in the size of the right pleural effusion, which is now small, and there is adjacent atelectasis.  There is a tiny left-sided pleural effusion with some adjacent atelectasis as well.   Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are overall unchanged.  Again seen is a left pectoral pacemaker with leads in the expected location. Impression: Small right-sided pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis and tiny left-sided pleural effusion with some adjacent atelectasis as well.', 'Findings: Status post CABG, the sternotomy wires and clips are in expected position.  The left pectoral pacemaker is seen, the position of the pacemaker leads is correct, in the right atrium and right ventricle, respectively.  The only abnormality, at relatively low lung volumes, is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta as well as a minimal blunting of the right costophrenic sinus, potentially caused by minimal right pleural effusion.  There
['Findings:  Impression: Support lines and tubes are unchanged in position.  The left-sided pleural effusion continues to decrease in size.  There is improved aeration at the left base. Partially layering right-sided pleural effusion is again seen.  There is a new small left-sided apical pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___, read in conjunction with concurrent chest CT, reported separately.  Chest CT shows that the substantial increase in the now very large left pleural effusion, probably hemorrhagic, combines with complete occlusion of the left main bronchus by retained secretions to collapse nearly the entire left lung.  Moderate right pleural effusion is also larger and right lower lobe atelectasis is more severe than evident on the conventional chest radiograph.  There is no pneumothorax.  Right PIC line ends close to the superior cavoatrial junction.  Tracheostomy tube is midline.', 'Findings: Since ___, a new G-tube is seen in the stomach.  A new left lower lung opacity may be due to aspiration.  Tracheostomy tube
['Findings: There is a consolidation at the left base in the retrocardiac space, most consistent with a left lower lobe pneumonia.  The right lung is essentially clear. There is no pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia.']
['Findings: Cardiomegaly is mild.  There is pulmonary vascular congestion and mild pulmonary edema.  There is no pneumothorax probable bilateral tiny pleural effusions.  Osseous structures are unremarkable.  Calcifications of the aortic arch are dense.  The positioning of a left pacemaker generator and leads are unchanged. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema are improved from ___.', 'Findings: There is moderate pulmonary edema and moderate bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right.  Slightly more dense bibasilar opacities are noted for which superimposed infection cannot be excluded.  Left chest wall dual lead pacing device seen with lead tips in the right atrium and right ventricle.  Heart is at least mildly enlarged although not clearly delineated given silhouetting on the left.  Atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic arch.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Surgical clips project over the left upper quadrant. Impression: Moderate pulmonary edema and bilateral, left greater than right, pleural effusions.  Superimposed infection particularly at the lung bases where there is more dense opacification would be possible.']
['Findings:  Impression: ET tube tip is 4 cm above the carinal.  NG tube tip is in the stomach.  Left PICC line tip is at the level of cavoatrial junction.  There is interval improvement in pulmonary edema but vascular congestion is substantial, still present.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___ through ___.  Moderate bilateral pleural effusions have increased since ___.  Substantial bibasilar atelectasis has probably also worsened.  Heart size is normal but mediastinal veins and pulmonary vessels are dilated suggesting biventricular cardiac decompensation.  No pneumothorax.  Cardiopulmonary support devices in standard placements.', 'Findings: The distal aspect of a right-sided PICC is not well assessed, particularly on the lateral view ; on the frontal view appears to be overlying the brachiocephalic/SVC junction.  There is mild to moderate pulmonary vascular congestion.  No lobar consolidation is identified.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The aorta is tortuous.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal. Imp
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have slightly increased, potentially reflecting improved ventilation. There is minimal blunting of the left and right costophrenic sinus, potentially indicative of the presence of small pleural effusions. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema. No pneumonia, no pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lungs are fully expanded and clear. There is no pleural abnormality. Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes.', 'Findings: are consistent with CHF.  The possibility of bibasilar infiltrates cannot be excluded. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Chest tubes are in place. The patient was extubated. Bibasal atelectasis is noted with bilateral pleural effusion, substantially increased since the prior study. No overt edema is present in vascular congestion is noted.  Calcified 4.5 cm lesion in the left humerus is demonstrated, and might represent osteochondroma. Correlation with dedicated imaging is required.', 'Findings: The lung volumes continue to remain low.  There is a right-sided central line terminating in the distal SVC.  Patchy left lower lobe opacities compatible with worsening atelectasis.  No pleural effusion.  Likely tiny left apical pneumothorax status post removal of left-sided chest tube.  Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette.  Sternotomy sutures, surgical clips project over the mediastinum.  Bony thorax remains unchanged. Impression: Status post removal of left-sided chest tube with a tiny left apical pneumothorax measuring 4 mm.  Mild interval worsening of left basilar atelectasis.  No pleural effusion.  Rest
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  Linear opacities in the lingula and left lower lobe are compatible with subsegmental atelectasis. Remainder of the lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: Left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. No acute intrathoracic process otherwise identified.', 'Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal.  The mediastinum is stable and does not appear widened.  There is aortic knob calcification.  No pleural
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation. Heart is top normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or focal pneumonia. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are well-expanded, hyperinflated and clear.  No focal consolidation, effusion, edema, or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size. No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Density suggesting orthopedic hardware projects over the left glenoid fossa. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear of consolidation.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Slight increase in relative ___ projecting to the left of the cardiac apex corresponds to increased chest wall soft tissue.  Lungs are otherwise symmetric and clear. Heart size normal.  Normal mediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces.  No good evidence for pneumonia.']
['Findings: There relatively low lung volumes.  Bibasilar atelectasis is mild.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 2 lead left-sided pacemaker is seen with leads extending the expected positions of the right atrium and right ventricle.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal.  The aorta may be tortuous. Impression: Low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  A left-sided pacemaker is in unchanged position with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Dual lead left-sided pacer device is seen with leads extending to the expected positions of the right atrium and right ventricle.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  No new focal consolidation is seen.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneum
['Findings: Portable supine chest radiograph ___ at 20:02 is submitted. Impression: Nasogastric tube is seen coursing below the diaphragm with the tip projecting over the stomach.  A tracheostomy tube appears to be in place, although it is difficult to determine the location of the tip due to the projection of imaging.  This will likely be better assessed on followup imaging.  Multiple surgical clips are seen overlying the right upper chest and right hilum.  No pneumothorax is seen.  No pulmonary edema.  Streaky bibasilar opacities likely reflect atelectasis.  There may be small layering effusions.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are likely stable given differences in patient positioning between studies.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has been extubated and the nasogastric tube has been removed. No change in lung volumes. Moderate cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. No pneumonia, no nodules or masses.  No larger pleural effusions.', 'Findings: The patient is intubated.  The endotracheal tube terminates about 5.5 cm above the carina.  An orogastric tube terminates probably just short of the left hemidiaphragmatic inlet.  A streaky left mid lung opacity suggests minor atelectasis.  Otherwise, the lungs appear clear within the limitations of technique.  There is no definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.  Status post endotracheal intubation.  Orogastric tube terminating in the distal esophagus; if gastric placement is desired, advancing the tube by at least 10 cm is suggested.', 'Findings:  Impression: No change in appearance of the lung parenchyma as compared to the previous radiograph. No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema. No ple
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Bibasilar atelectasis is similar to prior.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomegaly is similar to prior.  The mediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.  Right lower lobe pulmonary nodule is similar to prior. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process. Right lower lobe pulmonary nodule is similar to prior.']
['Findings: Two views were obtained of the chest.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Minimal apical pleural thickening is unchanged.  Old left rib fractures are noted.  The heart is normal in size with normal cardiomediastinal contours. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   Midline sternotomy wires again noted. The heart remains mildly enlarged. No focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No overt edema. Unfolded thoracic aorta noted. Imaged bony structures are intact. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly, no signs is superimposed edema or pneumonia.', 'Findings: The right internal jugular catheter has been withdrawn, this now lies in the proximal to mid SVC.  Median sternotomy sutures are unchanged compared to the prior study.  There is persistent moderate cardiomegaly with prominence of the pulmonary vasculature consistent with pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is unchanged left lower lobe atelectasis.  Minimal mid improvement in the left perihilar airspace opacities consistent with improving pulmonary edema.  Patchy opacities at the right base persist. Impression: The right internal jugular catheter now terminates in the proximal to mid SVC.', 'Findings: Lungs are well-expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  Patient is status post median
['Findings:  Impression: There has been substantial decrease in the right pleural effusion since the previous radiograph. Re-expansion of the right lower lung is noted with still present atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  Mild to moderate left pleural effusion is noted, potentially minimally increased since the prior study although most likely representing redistribution due to slightly different patient positioning', 'Findings:  Impression: Previous mild pulmonary edema has improved since ___.  Small right pleural effusion is larger, now has a fissural component.  Atelectasis has increased at the right lung base, stable on the left.  Low lung volumes exaggerate moderate cardiomegaly.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have decreased, causing an increase in density of the right lung parenchyma. Status post decortication. The right chest tubes are in unchanged position. Minimally increasing atelectasis at the left lung bases with increase in size of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings:  Impression: Since the prior study there has
['Findings: Lung volume is low.  Mild bibasilar opacities are likely atelectasis.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Top-normal size of the cardiac silhouette is similar to before. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal in size.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable, top-normal in size cardiac silhouette.']
['Findings: There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal size. Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Dual-lead left-sided AICD is again seen with its leads intact and terminating over the expected location of the right atrium and right ventricle respectively.  Status post median sternotomy for CABG with overall stable post-operative contours.  Interval resolution of the pulmonary edema with persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm of uncertain etiology.  Linear opacity in the left mid lung is felt to most likely represent subsegmental atelectasis or scarring.  No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.', 'Findings:  Impression: No obvious lead defect in the pacemaker noted.  Mild pulmonary edema.']
['Findings:  Impression: Right internal jugular line tip is at the level of mid SVC.  Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  The patient was extubated.  Tubes have been removed.  There is minimal left apical pneumothorax.  Left basal atelectasis is new.  Bi-basal atelectasis', 'Findings:  Impression: Lung volumes have improved substantially.  Bilateral pleural effusions are small.  Bibasilar atelectasis is mild.  There is no pulmonary edema or appreciable pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is a normal postoperative appearance.  Right jugular line ends in the upper SVC.', 'Findings: Mild bibasilar atelectasis is noted.  Lung volumes are low.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema. A tiny calcified granulomas noted at the right medial lung base.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  The distal aspect of the left costophrenic angle is not imaged. Impression: Low lung volumes and bibas
['Findings: Lungs are well-expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is mildly enlarged but unchanged.  The aorta is slightly tortuous but unchanged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are stable. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  There are no focal opacities.  Cuffed airways suggest inflammation. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.  Suspected inflammatory changes among airways.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Mild degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The heart is normal size and cardiomediastinal contour is stable.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No pulmonary edema. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are within normal limits.  The trachea is central.  The cardiomediastinal contour is normal.  The heart is not enlarged.  No blunting of the
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Deformity of the right posterior eighth and ninth ribs are new from the prior study, but appear chronic. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  No acutely displaced rib fractures are noted.  Chronic appearing deformities of the right posterior eighth and ninth ribs.']
['Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   Overlying EKG leads are present.  Tiny clips in the right axilla noted.  A vascular stent in the left upper arm noted.  The calcified vascular stent in the right upper arm noted.  A dialysis catheter extends superiorly from the IVC with its tip at the level of the SVC/ cavoatrial junction.  Cardiomediastinal contour is unchanged.  No focal consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax.  There may be mild central venous congestion.  No overt edema.  Bony structures appear intact. Impression: As above.', 'Findings: Dual lumen central venous catheter tip from an inferior approach terminates within the SVC/right atrial junction.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  The lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized.  Vascular clips are seen within the right axilla with dense vascular calcifications.  Additionally a vascular stent is seen within the left axilla. Impression: No acute
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates clear lungs bilaterally.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or evidence of pulmonary edema.  No air under the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  The lungs are clear and well inflated.  There is no consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The bony structures are intact.  No displaced rib fractures are seen. Impression: Normal chest radiographs.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.   Right chest wall AICD is again seen with single lead extending into the region of the right ventricle.  Midline sternotomy wires are again noted with mediastinal clips.  Cervical fusion hardware is noted in the lower neck.  There is mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  Bibasilar streaky opacity best seen on the lateral view could represent atelectasis or scarring.  No convincing signs of pneumonia or edema.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal contour is normal.  Imaged bony structures are intact with bilateral AC joint arthropathy noted.  No free air seen below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Bibasilar streaky opacities likely represent atelectasis or scarring.  Mild cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits.  The bilateral hila are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Comparison is made to prior study from ___.  Heart size is enlarged.  There is tortuosity and calcification of the thoracic aorta.  There is coarsening of the bronchovascular markings with more confluent opacity at the lung bases.  Underlying infiltrate in this location cannot be excluded.  There are no pneumothoraces. Impression: ', 'Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest.  There is persistent mild pulmonary edema.  There is no pleural effusion.  Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but stable.  The aorta appears enlarged, similar compared to prior.  There are multiple compression deformities in the lower thoracic and upper lumbar spine which are not changed since ___ CT scan. Impression: Mild persistent pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: Comparison is made to previous study from ___.  There is cardiomegaly which appears stable.  There is tortuosity of thoracic aorta.  There is some prominence of the pulmonary markings, particularly the lung bases, without definite consolidation.  Findings are suggestive of mild pulmonary edema.  No pneumothoraces are
['Findings:  Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly unchanged, given differences in radiographic technique.  Lungs are clear and pulmonary vasculature is normal.  There is no lung mass or evidence of central adenopathy, nor any pleural abnormality.', 'Findings: Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No large pleural effusion is seen. There is no pneumothorax. No definite focal consolidation seen. There may be minimal vascular congestion. There is persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Possible minimal pulmonary vascular congestion.  No definite focal consolidation. Persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.', 'Findings:  Impression: No comparison.  The lung volumes are normal. Bilateral symmetrical apical thickening. Moderate cardiomegaly. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No pneumonia, no pleural effusions. No pulmonary edema.  Mild scarring in the right upper lobe, associated with mild volume loss.']
['Findings: The patient is relatively kyphotic in position.  The lungs are relatively hyperinflated, suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Prominence of the hila suggests central pulmonary vascular engorgement.  There is subtle increase in interstitial markings bilaterally which can be seen with mild interstitial edema although may relate to underlying COPD.  The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged.  The aorta is calcified and tortuous. Impression: No focal consolidation.  Central pulmonary vascular engorgement with possible mild interstitial edema.  COPD.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the cardiac silhouette is more prominent and there is again evidence mild elevation of pulmonary venous pressure.  Hyperexpansion of the lungs is consistent with chronic pulmonary disease, though no definite acute focal pneumonia is appreciated.  Prominence of the central pulmonary vessels suggests pulmonary arterial hypertension. There is soft tissue prominence of the right peritracheal region.  This could merely represent tortuous brachiocephalic vessels, with the apparent increase related to a
['Findings: Heart size is normal. A large hiatal hernia is demonstrated. Hilar contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Large hiatal hernia.']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Moderate right pleural effusion is smaller today than it was on ___, but still substantial.  Lateral view suggests many nodules in the lungs and possibly hila, not corroborated on the frontal view.  If this is necessary to confirm, CT scanning is recommended.  Heart is moderately enlarged.  There is no pulmonary edema or left pleural effusion.', 'Findings: There is a large right pleural effusion with adjacent right lower lung collapse.  There is no significant mediastinal shift.  No pneumothorax is seen.  The left lung is clear.  Clustered density projecting over the right upper quadrant likely corresponds to site of prior TACE. Impression: Large right pleural effusion with adjacent right lower lung collapse.  Findings discussed with ___ by ___ by telephone at 2:24 p.m. on ___.', 'Findings: There is no pneumothorax after thoracocentesis.  Residual pleural effusion is minimal with only blunting of the costodiaphragmatic angles.  Left lung is unremarkable.  Cardiac contour is top normal.
["Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes are appropriate.  The lungs are well aerated without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal, and there is no overt pulmonary edema.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal in size, which is unexpected given the patient's age but may be due in part to AP technique.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The trachea is midline.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: 1.  No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. 2.  Top normal heart size, which is unexpected given the patient's age.  This may be related to AP technique.  Therefore followup with PA and lateral radiograph or non- urgent/outpatient echocardiogram is recommended."]
['Findings: The heart is not enlarged.  Aorta is minimally unfolded.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise within normal limits.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  No free air seen beneath the diaphragm.  Probable right upper quadrant surgical clips.  Left clavicular fixation hardware is noted. Impression: No acute pulmonary process identified.  No focal infiltrate or CHF.']
['Findings: There is a tortuous and prominent thoracic aorta, possibly dilated. Otherwise, the cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits.  The bilateral hila are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear.  There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Possible dilation of the ascending thoracic aorta.  Recommend CT Chest.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  CT Chest to evaluate for ascending thoracic aortic dilatation.']
['Findings: There are low lung volumes, which accentuate bronchovascular markings.  Mild bibasilar opacities may be due to combination of low lung volumes and atelectasis, but aspiration or pneumonia is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.  Again seen linear scarring in the right right mid and lower lung.  No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: Low lung volumes.  Mild bibasilar opacities could be due to low lung volumes and atelectasis, but pneumonia or aspiration is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.', 'Findings:  Impression: The comparison study of ___, there are substantially lower lung volumes with bibasilar atelectatic changes, most prominent on the right. In the appropriate clinical setting, superimposed pneumonia could be considered. In the interim, there has been placement of a left subclavian PICC line there extends to the mid portion of the SVC. No evidence of vascular congestion.  There probably is a small right effusion.  NOTIFICATION:   ___, a venous access ___.', 'Findings: Bibas
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures appear within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: There is mild emphysema, moderate cardiomegaly, but no pulmonary edema and no pleural effusion.  There is no focal consolidation.  There is moderate osteopenia, but no vertebral compression fractures. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.  Moderate cardiomegaly, but no edema.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate fully expanded and clear lungs. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Pleural surfaces are unremarkable. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.  Specifically, no evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding.  The heart is top-normal in size/mildly enlarged.  No focal consolidation, edema, effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: No focal pneumonia.  Top-normal/ mild cardiomegaly without frank pulmonary edema.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___ and intervening torso CT on ___:  Thickening of the right apical pleural margin, hematoma due to nondisplaced fracture of the right second rib (seen on the torso CT) is no larger today than it was on ___ at 7:43 p.m.  Lungs are clear aside from mild bibasilar atelectasis.  There is no appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Moderate cardiomegaly is stable.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lung fields are clear. There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged. The aorta is tortuous and demonstrates diffuse atherosclerotic calcifications. Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Previously demonstrated multifocal bilateral parenchymal opacities have largely resolved with only minimal residual opacity seen in the right lower lobe. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. There are mild degenerative changes noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: Previously noted multifocal bilateral parenchymal opacities have largely resolved.  No concerning focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia, and no evidence of pulmonary edema.']
['Findings:  Impression: No relevant change as compared to the previous image, the patient is slightly rotated. The monitoring and support devices are constant.  A subtle opacity at the right lung base has not substantially changed. Moderate cardiomegaly persists.  No overt pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube tip terminates approximately 4.5 cm from the carina.  An orogastric tube tip is proximal to the gastroesophageal junction and side port is within the distal esophagus. Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Mild curvature of the lower thoracic spine to the right is demonstrated with mild degenerative changes. Impression: Endotracheal tube in standard position. Orogastric tube needs to be advanced as currently the tip is above the gastroesophageal junction and side port is within the distal esophagus.', 'Findings: The endotracheal tube terminates at the level of the clavicles.
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are normal. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is mild to moderate S shaped rotatory scoliosis of the thoracic and upper lumbar spine. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Moderate S-shaped thoracolumbar scoliosis.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison to ___ chest radiograph, a right chest tube is been removed with associated slight increase in right pleural effusion and adjacent basilar atelectasis, but no visible pneumothorax.  Left chest tube remains in place, with no visible pneumothorax.  Small left pleural effusion is similar to the prior study, and left lower lobe atelectasis is slightly improved.  No other relevant change.', 'Findings:  Impression: The patient has been extubated with removal of the Swan-Ganz catheter and NG tube.  Mediastinal drains are in place.  Bilateral chest tubes are in place.  No definitive pneumothorax is seen.  Right internal jugular line tip is at the level of superior SVC.  No appreciable pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the left chest tube is been removed and there is no definite pneumothorax.  Right IJ sheath is also been removed. The patient has taken a better inspiration.  There again are bilateral small pleural effusions with compressive atelectasis at the bases.  Enlargement
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is unchanged.  Mild degenerative changes are noted involving the thoracic spine.  Multiple chronic left-sided rib fractures are again demonstrated with fixation hardware seen involving the left fifth through eighth ribs.  Comminuted fracture of the left midclavicle is chronic. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Multiple chronic left-sided rib fractures and comminuted left midclavicular fracture.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.  There is moderate pulmonary edema.  Possible small bilateral pleural effusions.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Enlarged cardiac silhouette, potentially due to cardiac enlargement or potentially a pericardial effusion.  Moderate pulmonary edema and small pleural effusions.']
['Findings: The portable upright chest radiograph demonstrates a small right apical pneumothorax.  There is unchanged elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. A right chest tube is in place, the tip directed at the right lung apex.  Note is again made of a large right hilar mass with widening of the mediastinum, and associated consolidation in the right middle lobe. Impression: Small right apical pneumothorax, with a right chest tube in place, and chronic elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  Findings were discussed with Dr. ___ at 2:20 p.m. by phone.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  No evidence of pneumothorax after VATS.  Normal appearance of the lung parenchyma, no pleural effusions.  No focal parenchymal opacity suggesting pneumonia.  Normal size and shape of the cardiac silhouette. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest once again demonstrate a right apical pneumothorax which has not changed substantially in size from the prior study.  Aside from the stable appearance of the right hilar and medi
['Findings: The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is interval elevation of the left hemidiaphragm which is likely secondary to gastric distention with adjacent left basilar atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation.    Sternotomy wires are intact and surgical clips overlying the left thorax are consistent with prior CABG. Impression: No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.', 'Findings: Median sternotomy wires and clips are in place from prior CABG.  Cardiac silhouette is top normal with mild tortuosity of thoracic aorta.  Minimal tracheal deviation pattern is slightly increased since ___ and is suggestive of an enlarged left thyroid lobe.  Hilar contours are unremarkable. Lungs are clear.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Tracheal deviation pattern suggestive of left thyroid lobe enlargement.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  There is a large confluent opacification in the right upper lobe that likely represents a mass that likely arose from nodule seen on previous radiograph.  In the right middle and lower lung, this are two rounded, slightly spiculated nodules that likely represent metastasis. The left lung appears relatively clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac, and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: Right upper lobe mass and right middle and right lower lung nodules concerning for lung carcinoma with metastasis.  Suggest CT to further evaluate.  These findings were discussed with Dr. ___ at 12 p.m. on ___ by telephone.']
['Findings: Low lung volumes accentuate mild cardiomegaly.  The AICD pacemaker is in unchanged position.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax Impression: Mild cardiomegaly without overt pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: The patient is status post sternotomy and probably coronary artery bypass graft surgery.  A three-lead pacemaker/ICD device has leads terminating in the right atrium, right ventricle, and coronary sinus, as before, without change.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: No previous images.  There is hyperexpansion of the lungs consistent with chronic pulmonary disease.  However, no acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  Prominent scoliosis of the lower thoracic spine convex to the right. Impression: ']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lung fields are clear. There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  The pleural surfaces are normal without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated with coarse interstitial markings and the diaphragm is flattened consistent with emphysema.  The left pulmonary artery is prominent which may reflect pulmonary hypertension. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: 1. Radiographic evidence of COPD. 2.  Prominent left pulmonary artery consistent with pulmonary hypertension.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared with the chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Moderately severe bilaterally symmetric basal predominant interstitial pulmonary abnormality is new.  Pulmonary vasculature is mildly engorged and heart size although only top-normal is larger today than before and mediastinal vasculature is larger as well.  There is no pleural effusion.  The pulmonary abnormality could be either mild congestive heart failure or interstitial pneumonia.  There is no focal consolidation to suggest bacterial pneumonia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Subtle opacity adjacent to the left heart border likely represents bronchovascular markings. No convincing signs of pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is no change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ']
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  Lungs are clear except for small nodular opacities measuring less than 3-mm, relatively dense and most likely consistent with calcified granulomas, suggesting prior granulomatous exposure. Rounded opacities seen on the left between the fourth and fifth ribs, and overlying the right fifth rib, are secondary to buttons overlying the patient seen on the lateral view. No focal consolidations concerning for an acute infection is identified.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.']
['Findings: Comparison is made to prior study from ___.  There are very low lung volumes.  There are linear densities at the lung bases, most consistent with atelectasis.  Early infiltrate is possible, but felt less likely.  There are no pneumothoraces.  There are no signs of pulmonary edema. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: ET tube 2 cm above the carina.  Clinical correlation regarding possible retraction, as detailed in the wet reading, is requested.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there has been slight decrease in the opacification at the left base, most likely reflecting volume loss in the lower lobe and pleural effusion.  No evidence of aspiration.  Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with unchanged position of the Port-A-Cath. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  The sternal wires after sternotomy are in constant alignment.  Constant Port-A-Cath position in the right pectoral region.  Unchanged mild blunting of the left costophrenic sinus, likely caused by a small pleural effusion, with an area of parenchymal opacity in the retrocardiac lung region, reflecting pneumonia or atelectasis.  The extent of the change is constant as compared to the previous image.  No pneumothorax.  No other changes. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___
['Findings: Low lung volumes, old right-sided rib fractures.  There is no focal lung consolidation. Possible small right pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal shilhouette is normal. No pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The osseous structures are unremarkable Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  A few air-fluid levels are seen in bowel in the upper abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.   A few air-fluid levels are seen in bowel in the upper abdomen, correlate clinically with signs of obstruction/ileus.', 'Findings: The posterior left costophrenic angle is blunted, possibly due to a trace pleural effusion.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No focal consolidation.  Slight blunting of the posterior left costophrenic angle, new since ___, could be due to trace pleural effusion.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained demonstrating clear well expanded lungs without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinal contours are normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are unchanged compared to prior study.  There is mild cardiomegaly.  No pulmonary vascular congestion, pleural effusion ___ ___ B lines seen.  No consolidation ___ pneumothorax seen.  The visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly without evidence of frank pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: Right PICC line tip is at the level of mid SVC.  Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is appreciated.', 'Findings: There is a dobhoff tube coursing below the diaphragm, however the tip is not visualized on this image.  There is a new left lower lobe retrocardiac opacity that is silhouetting the left hemidiaphragm.  Minimal vascular congestion.  Heart size is stable.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: 1.  Appropriate positioning of dobhoff tube. 2. New
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  Lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is mild bibasilar atelectasis without definite focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable, as are the hilar contours. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Comparison is made to previous study from ___.  Heart size is within normal limits.  Lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation or pneumothoraces. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process']
['Findings: An endotracheal tube terminates 6 cm above the carina.  Lung volumes are low with bibasilar atelectasis.  Linear density projecting over the lateral left heart border may reflect a dense focus of linear atelectasis or pleural plaque.  There is an apparent 1.5 cm cavitary lesion with a relatively thick rim in the lateral mid left lung.  Mild cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion.  The 2 most superior median sternotomy wires are fractured in multiple places.  Pleural effusions are small, if any. Impression: 1. ETT terminates 6 cm above the carina. 2. Fractured median sternotomy wires. 3. Mild cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion, but no overt edema. 4. Apparent 1.5 cm cavitary lesion in the lateral mid left lung.  Recommend dedicated PA and lateral radiographs for further evaluation,when feasible.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Apparent 1.5 cm cavitary lesion in the lateral mid left lung.  Recommend dedicated PA and lateral radiographs for further evaluation,when feasible.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The heart size is top-normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no significant pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.  No acute osseous abnormalities are visualized. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Incidental note is made of a right azygos fissure.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable.  The bones are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  NOTIFICATION:  Attempt was made to contact ___ regarding the results as requested however she was not available.']
["Findings: The right internal jugular vein central venous catheter ends in the upper right atrium.  An enteric tube ends off the imaged portion of the screen, likely within the stomach.  The endotracheal tube ends at the thoracic inlet.  Sternotomy wires are intact.  There is a large opacity throughout the entire right lung likely representing the patient's pneumonia.  The left lung is grossly clear.  There is no pleural effusion on the left.  Evaluation for pleural effusion on the right is limited.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Endotracheal tube ends at the thoracic inlet.  2.  Large opacity in the right lung, likely representing pneumonia.  At time of attending review, the ET tube had been repositioned.", 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is continued bibasilar opacification consistent with extensive atelectatic changes and pleural effusions.  Monitoring and support devices remain in place.  Continued low lung volumes. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the o
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change.  Cardiac silhouette remains at the upper limits of normal in size.  However, no vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.  Of incidental note are surgical clips projected over the lower right chest and seen anteriorly on the lateral view within the breast tissue. Impression: ']
["Findings: As compared to the prior chest radiograph from ___, there has been significant interval decrease in apparent number of pulmonary nodules, however, pulmonary nodules overall appear increased in size with more recent progression of metastatic disease seen on recent CT.  Pulmonary nodules on current radiography were better assessed on CT.  No definite new focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are ear similar to scout radiograph from chest CT from ___ right-sided Port-A-Cath terminates at the proximal right atrium.  . Impression: Multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with patient's known pulmonary metastases, better assessed on recent chest CT.  No definite new focal consolidation.", 'Findings: AP view of the chest provided.  The right-sided chest tube has been removed. There may be a tiny right apical pneumothorax. Diffuse bilateral nodular opacifications are unchanged. Impression: Probable tiny right apical pneumothorax.', 'Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneum
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings:  Impression: Bilateral basilar opacities concerning for atelectasis or pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, pre-existing subtle areas of basal opacities have completely resolved. On the current image, there is no evidence of pathologic parenchymal opacities, with the exception of a small linear atelectasis at the left lung base. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison to the procedure study, there is no evidence of pneumothorax. Otherwise, there is little change from the scout image from a CT dated ___']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the nasogastric tube is now visible. The tip projects over the pre-pyloric areas. There is no evidence of complication.  No change in appearance of the lung bases.', 'Findings:  Impression: Moderately severe pulmonary edema, most marked in the left lung has improved overnight, but severe consolidation in the right lower lobe, probably pneumonia, has not. Small bilateral pleural effusions stable. Heart size normal.  Severe emphysema.  ET tube, transesophageal drainage tube, and right PIC line all in standard placements respectively. No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: AP portable views of the chest were provided.  An endotracheal tube is seen with its tip projecting 5.6 cm above the carina.  The NG tube is seen extending into the left upper quadrant.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions.  Subtle airspace opacities are seen at the right lung base, which may represent pneumonia or aspiration.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study ___
['Findings:  Impression: Right lower lobe nodule, better seen on consequent CT examination.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no focal lung consolidation. Impression: No radiographic explanation for chest pain.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___, 1:34 a.m.  Pneumothorax is not appreciable, but may account for slight relative lucency of the right apex compared to the left.  Lungs clear.  Heart size normal.  ET tube in standard placement.  Upper enteric drainage tube ends in the upper portion of non-distended stomach.  No pleural effusion.', 'Findings: A single portable AP supine view of the chest was obtained.  Trauma board partially obscures the view.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  The heart is normal in size and cardiomediastinal contour is unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. The ET tube projects 6 cm above the carina. NG tube is in the stomach. Impression: 1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. 2. ET tube is slightly high in position, consider advancing by 2 cm for optimal placement. 3. Chest radiography is not adequate for evaluation of traumatic injury to the chest cage.']
['Findings: AP semi upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  Low lung volumes.  Lungs appear clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  Heart size is top normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vascularity is not engorged.  Mild bibasilar streaky opacities likely reflect atelectasis in the setting of low lung volumes.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No acute osseous abnormalities are visualized. Impression: Low lung volumes with probable mild bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there again are low lung volumes with substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette but normal pulmonary vessels.  No evidence of acute focal pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: Study is slightly limited by patient rotation. Moderate enlarg
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal.  The aorta is slightly unfolded. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The lungs are hyperinflated. Patchy opacities in the lung apices, more pronounced on the right, likely reflect areas of scarring.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: Hyperinflated lungs without focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  Biapical patchy opacities likely reflect areas of scarring, more pronounced on the right.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  Left chest wall port is seen with catheter tip in the upper SVC.  The lungs are grossly clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: The heart is mildly enlarged.  There is a moderate hiatal hernia. There is a small left effusion.  There is an infiltrate the left lower lobe.  The bony thorax shows diffuse flowing osteophytes  NOTIFICATION:  LLL infiltrate.    The change in interpretation of this study was called by telephone to Dr. ___ By Dr. ___ at 8 ___ on ___ minutes after the recognition of the finding']
['Findings: The heart size, mediastinal, and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Single view chest radiograph shows interval increase of left lung opacification, likely for increase of pleural effusion.  The left pleural drain tip ends medially in the left upper lung and might be intrafissural, its function should be checked.  Right lung volumes still low with minimal right base atelectasis, but without consolidation.  Heart size appears still mildly enlarged,  partially obscured by the left pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  Left chest wall subcutaneous emphysema is unchanged. Impression: Interval increase of left lung opacification likely for increased left pleural effusion.  The pleural drain might be in the left major fissure and therefore not working properly.', 'Findings: Portable AP chest radiograph.  The right lower lobe consolidation has improved in the interim.  Lung volumes remain low.  There is no new consolidation.  There are still probable small bilateral subpulmonic  effusions.  Mild cardiomegaly is stable. Impression: Improved right lower lobe opacification, presumably representing clearing aspiration pneumonia.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there has been substantial accumulation of pleural
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there are continued low lung volumes with substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, vascular congestion, and bilateral pleural effusions with compressive atelectasis, more prominent on the right. Retrocardiac opacification with obscuration of the hemidiaphragm is consistent with substantial volume loss in the left lower lobe. The left subclavian catheter again extends well into the right atrium.', 'Findings: There is increased bibasilar opacities, possibly from redistribution of moderate bilateral pleural effusions. There is increased left lower lobe consolidation and mediastinal shift to the left.  Mild pulmonary vessel congestion is similar to prior. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size. Left PICC terminates in the azygos vein. Impression: 1. Left PICC terminates in the azygos vein.  2. Slightly increased left lower lobe consolidation. Mild pulmonary vessel congestion and moderate bilateral pleural effusions are similar to prior.  NOTIFICATION:  The findings regarding PICC position were text paged by Dr. ___ to Dr. ___  on ___ at 9:12 AM.'
['Findings: The endotracheal tube tip sits just beneath the level of clavicular heads, which is new from prior study.  The heart size is large, but stable to prior exam.  The mediastinal contours demonstrate calcified atherosclerotic disease of the aortic knob.  A large calcified lymph node projects just right of midline.  The interstitial markings of the lungs show minimally increased prominence as well as prominence of the pulmonary vasculature, compatible with mildly increased interstitial edema.  There is no pneumothorax.  No displaced rib fracture is apparent. Impression: Mild interstitial edema and endotracheal tube as described above.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with hyperexpansion of the lungs consistent with chronic pulmonary disease.  The difference in the degree of pulmonary vascularity may well reflect the portable versus upright PA view.  There is a right pleural effusion with associated opacification most likely representing atelectasis.  However, in the appropriate clinical setting, supervening pneumonia would have to be considered. Impression: ', 'Findings: The costophrenic angles
['Findings: Severe cardiomegaly is noted.  Left chest wall dual lead pacing device is identified.  There is significant enlargement of the aortic arch, partially visualized on prior CT cervical spine.  Rounded opacity in the retrocardiac region potentially in part due to hiatal hernia however given significant aortic abnormality at the arch, it is more likely that this may represent a descending thoracic aortic aneurysm.  Compression deformities of several lower thoracic vertebral bodies and likely lumbar vertebral body are age indeterminate. Impression: Cardiomegaly.  Tortuosity and dilation of the thoracic aorta with a more rounded opacity in the retrocardiac region which is suspicious for a focal descending thoracic aneurysm.  Chest CT is suggested.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiac silhouette appears normal in size on the PA view. Mediastinal contour is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is increasing atelectasis at the left lung bases. Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm persists.  No overt pulmonary edema.  No larger pleural effusions.  No evidence of pneumonia or pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: Patchy opacities in the left upper lung and right mid to lower lung are worrisome for multifocal pneumonia.  Possible component of overlying pulmonary vascular congestion.  No pleural effusion is seen.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette top-normal to mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Impression: Left upper lung and patchy right mid and lower lung opacities are worrisome for multifocal pneumonia.  Recommend followup to resolution.  No prior for comparison.  Possible component of overlying mild pulmonary vascular congestion.', 'Findings: are consistent with progressive pneumonia, potentially accompanied by a component of pulmonary edema. Impression: In comparison to prior radiograph of 1 day earlier, cardiomegaly is accompanied by pulmonary vascular congestion.  Asymmetrically distributed multifocal alveolar opacities have worsened, and remain or severe in the right lung than the left.  Note is also made of increasing small to moderate right pleural effusion.  Observed findings are consistent with progressive pneumonia, potentially accompanied by a component of pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison ___.  Minimal improvement in
['Findings: Right base atelectasis is seen.  Left base opacity may be due to atelectasis and overlying soft tissue, but underlying consolidation due to infection and/or aspiration not excluded.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  The right humeral head appears inferiorly subluxed in relation to the glenoid which could be due to true subluxation versus a joint effusion. Impression: Left base opacity, may be due to atelectasis and overlying soft tissue, but underlying consolidation due to infection and/or aspiration not excluded.  Right humeral head appears inferiorly subluxed in relation to the glenoid, could be due to true subluxation versus a joint effusion.', 'Findings: There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  Bibasilar opacities are new since ___ and may represent atelectasis.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The aorta is unfolded.  The right humeral head appears subluxed, similar to the prior study. Impression: Pulmonary vascular congestion is new since ___.'
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs are well-expanded clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  The upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  A dual-lead left-sided pacer remains in place.  A nasogastric tube is seen coursing below the diaphragm with the tip not identified.  An endotracheal tube remains in place with its tip approximately 3 cm above the carina.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.  There are persistent streaky opacities at the left base most likely reflecting atelectasis.  There is possibly a small associated layering left effusion.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax.  When compared to the previous study, the opacity at the left base is not significantly changed favoring atelectasis, although an early infectious process cannot be entirely excluded.  Clinical correlation is advised.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding similar study of ___.  The heart size remains normal.  No typical configurational abnormalities identified.  Moderate widening of thoracic aorta, but no evidence of local contour abnormalities.  Similar to preceding examination, a left-sided permanent pacer is noted in anterior axillary
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Mild tortuosity of descending aorta is noted.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable.  There is no free air. Impression: 1.  No free intraperitoneal air.  2.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The ETT is approximately 3.2 cm above the carina.  The enteric tube extends into the stomach and out of view.  The lung volume is small.  The moderate pulmonary venous congestion is unchanged.  Small bilateral lower lobe atelectasis is unchanged.  No pneumonia.  No pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is enlarged and unchanged.  The mediastinal silhouette is stable. Impression: Unchanged pulmonary venous congestion.  The monitoring and support devices are unchanged.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Increasing areas of atelectasis at both the left and
['Findings: Improving right lower lobe opacity is likely due to atelectasis.  Stable enlarged cardiac silhouette with normal pulmonary vascularity. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Mild cardiomegaly and volume overload.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices have been removed.  The cardiac silhouette is less prominent and the pulmonary vascularity has essentially return to a normal state.  The layering pleural effusions are not appreciated, though this may in part be due to a more erect position of the patient. Mild streaks of atelectasis are seen at the bases, although both hemidiaphragms are now sharply seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study this date, there has been placement of a nasogastric tube that extends to the mid to lower body of the stomach.  An endotracheal tube is now in place with its tip approximately 5 cm above the carina. Continued substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, now with evidence of mild elevation of pulmonary venous pressure. Bilateral at
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated but clear.  The heart size is normal.  The superior aspect of the right hilus is asymmetrically enlarged, possibly secondary to bronchovascular structures versus mild lymphadenopathy.  The mediastinal contours are normal.  There are no pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax is seen. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiac or pulmonary process.  2.  Hyperinflated lungs should be correlated to any history of asthma.  3.  Slight asymmetric enlargement of the right hilus, possibly bronchovascular structures versus lymphadenopathy.  Recommend bilateral anterior shallow oblique radiographs for further evaluation.  Impression point #3 was emailed to the ___ nurse by Dr. ___ on ___.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Moderately severe pulmonary edema has improved.  Moderate cardiomegaly also smaller.  Small bilateral pleural effusions stable.  No pneumothorax.  Left jugular dialysis catheter extends further into the upper right atrium.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___ through ___.  Mild pulmonary edema has improved substantially since ___:17.  Aside from mild residual edema at the right lung base medially, lungs are clear.  Pleural effusion is presumed, but not substantial.  Heart size top- normal.  Left jugular dual channel catheter ends in the right atrium.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison to ___ chest radiograph, no new areas of consolidation are identified in the lungs to suggest the presence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Moderate pulmonary edema has increased substantially since ___ accompanied by small right pleural effusion.  Moderate cardiomegaly there is minimally
['Findings: There is a tiny right apical pneumothorax.  This ___ not account for the entire right-sided pneumothorax.  Lucency at the right cardiophrenic angle and along the right heart ___, ___ also be related to the pneumothorax.  Alternatively, lucency at the right heart ___ could represent ___ artifact.  Some subcutaneous emphysema is seen along the lower right chest wall, where there are rib fractures, as seen on recent CT.  There is minimal atelectasis at the right lung base.  The right lung is otherwise grossly clear.  The possibility of slight elevation of the right hemidiaphragm cannot be excluded.  Mild prominence the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  There is atelectasis at the left lung base and minimal blunting the left costophrenic angle.  No left-sided pneumothorax is detected.  At the edge of these films, the lower portion of cervical spine fusion hardware is noted. Impression: Tiny right apical pneumothorax.  Lucency at the right lung base ___ also reflect the presence of a pneumothorax.  Bibasilar atelectasis
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal except for slight obscuration of the right heart border with adjacent vague right infrahilar opacity.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Impression: Possible early right middle lobe pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  Cardiac size is top normal. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  Aortic knob is calcified.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities present. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: PA and  lateral chest radiographs demonstrate clear lungs.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: Supine portable AP view the chest provided.  Lungs are clear.  No supine evidence for effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  Bony structures are intact.  Excreted contrast within the renal collecting system noted in the upper abdomen. Impression: No acute findings.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest were provided.  Diffuse ground-glass pulmonary opacities could reflect pulmonary edema.  Please note underpenetrated technique could also contribute to the aforementioned findings.  Basilar atelectasis and low lung volumes noted.  No large effusion is seen.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears slightly prominent, though this is due to technique.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Limited exam, with findings concerning for pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged evidence of mild to moderate cardiomegaly. Mild fluid overload is seen but no overt pulmonary edema is present.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of earlier in this date, allowing for differences in degree of inspiration there is probably little overall change in the pulmonary edema and enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings: were discussed on the telephone ___ min later. Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, signs indicative of pulmonary edema have increased in severity. The patient is
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate clear lungs.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: Normal chest radiographs.']
['Findings: Previously seen left upper lobe and lingular consolidations have resolved in the interval.  No new focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are grossly stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There is extensive hazy consolidation of the central portion of the left hemithorax that appears to involve the left upper lobe and lingula. This is better characterized by the recent CT chest performed on ___.  The right lung is essentially clear without evidence of pneumonia, pulmonary edema or a pneumothorax. No evidence of pleural effusions. The heart is enlarged.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: 1. Extensive consolidation of the left upper lobe and lingula, which was better characterized on the recent CT scan performed ___. No appreciable interval change. 2.  No pleural effusions or cavitary lesions.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.']
['Findings: The heart is enlarged.  A left ICD device is in position with lead terminating in the right ventricle.  There is mild pulmonary congestion and bibasilar atelectasis. There are no pleural effusions.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Left ICD with lead terminating in right ventricle and mild pulmonary congestion.', 'Findings: A single lead ICD with lead terminates at the right ventricle, similar in position to prior. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal lung consolidation. Impression: Unchanged appearance of left ICD since ___, with a single lead terminating at the right ventricle.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to most recent prior chest radiograph currently available ___:  Moderately severe pulmonary edema, worse in the right lung, is new.  Heart is normal in size.  Pleural effusion is small on the right, if any.  The absence of cardiomegaly raises the possibility of non-cardiogenic pulmonary edema due to increased intracranial pressure.  Nasogastric tube passes below the diaphragm and out of view.  Small right pleural effusion is probably present.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the tip of the nasogastric tube is tough to follow, though it extends at least to the lower stomach with the side hole below the level of the esophagogastric junction.  There are lower lung volumes with continued pulmonary edema. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is worsening bilateral pulmonary opacifications, more prominent on the right, consistent with increased pulmonary edema.  Nasogastric tube again extends well into the stomach.  In the appropriate clinical setting, it would be difficult
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged. Central pulmonary vascular congestion, with mild to moderate edema has worsened.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are present. A left retrocardiac opacity remains unchanged, reflecting either atelectasis or a focal consolidation.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___, cardiac silhouette remains enlarged and is accompanied by pulmonary vascular congestion. .  Bilateral combined alveolar and interstitial pattern has slightly improved, and likely reflects pulmonary edema. A more confluent opacity in the right upper lobe has also slightly improved, and could reflect superimposed infection or a region of asymmetrical edema.  Small pleural effusions has slightly decreased since the prior radiograph.']
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  No evidence of pneumonia, no pleural effusions, no pulmonary edema.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette, normal hilar and mediastinal contours. Impression: ', 'Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Of note, there are multiple air-fluid levels in the left upper quadrant, probably colonic for the most, although some are potentially associated with small bowel.  There is no clear evidence for small bowel dilatation or free air, however. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Air-fluid levels in the imaged epigastric region, predominantly along the splenic flexure of the colon, a non-specific finding for which clinical correlation is suggested.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the left subclavian PICC line has been pulled back to the
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided.  The lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart and mediastinal contours are normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Normal chest.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  The lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Cardiac size is normal.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There are low lung volumes Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality']
['Findings: Assessment is limited due to rotation of the patient which in particular limits assessment of the cardiomediastinal contour.  An apparent right hilar mass is likely due to the obliquity of the projection.  In addition there are hazy opacities in the bilateral lungs with prominence of the pulmonary vasculature consistent with mild pulmonary edema.  A linear opacity in the right mid lung is consistent with atelectasis.  No pneumothorax seen.  Degenerative changes in the right shoulder.  Possible right-sided seventh rib fracture.  No pneumothorax seen.  Old healed fracture of the left seventh rib posteriorly. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Cardiomegaly is stable. Widening mediastinum has improved. Vascular congestion has resolved. Retrocardiac atelectasis have improved. Right upper lobe atelectasis is new. Right middle lobe opacities likely atelectasis have increased. If any there are small bilateral effusions. Sternal wires are aligned. Right IJ catheter tip is in the upper right atrium, unchanged. Chest tubes are in place.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Bilateral chest tubes are in place.  Right internal jugular line tip is in the right atrium and might be pulled back for 2 cm to secure it position above the cavoatrial junction. Bibasal areas of atelectasis are unchanged. There is minimal left apical pneumothor
["Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  There is cardiomegaly.  The enlargement appears to involve mostly the left ventricle which is prominent to the left and posteriorly.  Thoracic aorta is moderately widened but markedly elongated and shows some calcium deposits in the wall at the level of the arch.  Pulmonary vasculature is presently not congested.  There exists some prominence of the central pulmonary artery, the hilar regions, but the periphery does not show perivascular haze nor is there evidence of interstitial or alveolar edema.  The lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free, excluding significant pleural effusion.  No acute parenchymal infiltrates are identified.  Comparison can be made with the frontal view of a preceding chest examination, outside institution.  On this image, poor inspirational effort resultant in crowded appearance of the pulmonary vasculature.  It is conceivable that one may have interpreted this to include multiple nodular densities but this cannot be confirmed by today's chest examination with improved inspirational effort. Impression: Cardiomegaly, thoracic aortic elongation in patient with history of stroke.  No
['Findings: Endotracheal tube is low lying, with tip approximately 1 cm from the carina.  Lung volumes are low.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Patchy retrocardiac opacity may reflect atelectasis though infection or aspiration cannot be excluded.  No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  No acute osseous abnormalities are detected. Impression: 1. Low lying endotracheal tube with tip approximately 1 cm from the carina.  Recommend withdrawal by at least 2 cm. 2. Retrocardiac opacity may reflect atelectasis though infection or aspiration cannot be excluded.', 'Findings:  Impression: The endotracheal tube tip is 1 cm above the carina.  There is no pneumothorax. There is patchy atelectasis in the right lung base.  There is no CHF or effusion.']
['Findings:  Impression: The endotracheal tube ends 2.6 cm above the carina.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There are bilateral airspace patchy opacities, more pronounced in both lower lung fields, more specifically in the right middle and right lower lobe as well as in the left lower lobe in the retrocardiac region.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  The heart is mildly enlarged. Impression: Multifocal pneumonia. Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution.', 'Findings:  Impression: AS COMPARED TO THE PREVIOUS RADIOGRAPH, THE PRE-EXISTING BILATERAL PARENCHYMAL OPACITIES HAVE ALMOST COMPLETELY RESOLVED. REMNANT PLATELIKE AREAS OF ATELECTASIS AND ON CHARACTERISTIC SCARRING ARE, NONETHELESS, STILL VISIBLE AT BOTH THE RIGHT AND THE LEFT LUNG BASE. OVERALL THE LUNG VOLUMES HAVE IMPROVED, INDICATING IMPROVED VENTILATION. NORMAL SIZE OF THE CARDIAC SILHOUETTE.  NO PLEURAL EFFUSION. MINIMAL ELONGATION OF THE DING AORTA.', 'Findings:
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lung volumes are improved compared with prior exam.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in the postoperative. In this patient who is undergone recent median sternotomy and coronary bypass procedure.  Multifocal patchy and linear atelectasis in the mid and lower lungs has partially improved. No new or worsening lung opacities are identified. Small pleural effusions are present bilaterally. Small peristernal gas collections are likely a a an expected postoperative finding of a as an incidental finding. Impression: Improving multifocal atelectasis. Small bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings: There are opacities in the bilateral lung bases, which may be due to atelectasis or consolidation.  However, lateral view demonstrates opacification of one of the lower lobes, which is concerning for pneumonia.  The mediastinum, hila and heart are within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: There is consolidation of one of the lower lobes, most likely due to pneumonia.  Recommend follow-up CXR in 4 weeks after treatment to document resolution.  NOTIFICATION:  Findings were telephoned to Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ on ___ at 12:14PM.',
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  COPD.   2.  Questionable opacity in the right lung apex.  Recommend repeat PA chest radiograph and apical lordotic view.  This was entered into the critical results dashboard.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous per radiograph, the lung volumes have slightly decreased. There are the small bilateral pleural effusions, better seen on the lateral than on the frontal radiograph and limited to the region of the costophrenic sinuses.  No evidence of pneumonia, atelectasis or pulmonary edema. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Mild elongation of the descending aorta.', 'Findings: Repeat PA and lordotic views of the chest were interpreted in conjunction with PA and lateral radiographs from yesterday.  There is no suspicious lesion at the right apex at the site of prior concern.  No additional nodule, consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax is present. Impression: Questionable opacity at the right apex is not apparent on these subsequent views and was likely artifact secondary to summation of shadows.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate resolution of pulmonary edema.  There are low lung volumes with interposition of the hepatic flexure at the right base.  There is mild bibasilar atelectasis.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no focal consolidation.  An old compression deformity is noted at the lower thoracic vertebra, stable since ___. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There are low lung volumes.  There is a diffuse interstitial process which is predominantly scarring, as evidenced by a chest CT from ___.  Superimposed on chronic interstitial scarring is mild edema, but no large pleural effusion.  Heart size is mildly enlarged, but stable.  No pneumothorax. Impression: Chronic interstitial changes with superimposed edema.  No large pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low, accentuating the cardiomediastinal silhouette and interstitial opacities.  However, increased interstitial opacities prior likely due to pulmonary edema.  Ill-defined opacities in the right upper lobe may represent pneumonia.
['Findings: Endotracheal tube tip terminates approximately 6 cm above the carina.  There has been interval placement of an orogastric tube, which courses into the left upper quadrant with tip out of view.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is detected.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  Large pleural calcification along the right lateral hemithorax is again noted. Impression: Satisfactory orogastric tube placement.  Interval retraction of the endotracheal tube from 3 to 6 cm above the carina.  This change was reported to ___ by ___ by phone at 4:02 p.m. on ___.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the tip of the endotracheal tube is in the supraclavicular region, approximately 11 cm above the carina. There is increasing opacification at the left base. Although this could represent atelectasis, the coalescent appearance raises the possibility of superimposed pneumonia. At the right base, there is continued opacification consistent with pleural fluid and underlying compressive atelectasis. There is the suggestion of a loculated area of pneumothorax at the right base laterally. However, this could be an artifact produced by overlying pectoral tissues.', 'Findings: discussed ___ PA  telephone on ___ at 21:11. Advancement of the tube at least 4-5  cm can be attempted. WET READ VERSION #1 ___ ___ ___ 9:12 PM  Orogastric tube courses below the diaphragm, however the tip is likely just  distal to the GE junction and repositioning is recommended.  A left-sided PICC  line terminates at the mid to lower SVC. Lung volumes are decreased. There is  mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Findings discussed ___ PA 
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the possible opacification in the right mid zone has cleared.  There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or old tuberculous disease. Impression: ']
['Findings: Heart size is mild to moderately enlarged. The aorta is markedly tortuous. Pulmonary vasculature is normal and the hilar contours are normal. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Streaky right lower lobe opacity likely reflects atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality is present Impression: Streaky right lower lobe opacity, likely atelectasis. Tortuous aorta and mild to moderate cardiomegaly']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected. There are diffuse degenerative changes within the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Trace residual pneumomediastinum and pneumopericardium. 2.  Right lower lobe atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: Trace residual pneumomediastinum and pneumopericardium.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding similar study of ___.  The heart size is normal.  No configurational abnormality is present.  Thoracic aorta and mediastinal structures are now unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  No evidence of pleural effusions in either lateral or posterior pleural sinuses and no pneumothorax in the apical area.  Comparison is made with several preceding chest examinations as well as review of two CTs is performed.  Apparently, the patient had a perforation of the lower esophagus with air in the mediastinal structures.  All these abnormalities have now normalized and no remaining pulmonary, cardiovascular or pleural abnormality remains. Impression: ', 'Findings: AP view of the chest demonstrates normal lung volumes.  There is no pneumothorax
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules which are essentially unchanged from the prior exam.  Please note  exact comparison is limited due to differences in modality.  No superimposed pneumonia.  Suture material is noted along the right perihilar region, without change.  No effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable.  Bony structures appear intact.  Right breast shadow is absent. Impression: Multiple pulmonary nodules, not significantly changed allowing for differences in modality.  No signs of superimposed acute process.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Multiple nodules are again seen within both lungs.  Chain sutures are again noted within the right mid lung field.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Impression: Innumerable bilateral pulmonary metastases, not appreciably changed in the interval.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality otherwise identified.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Right hemidiaphragm is still elevated relative to the left.  Could be a tiny right pleural effusion, and lung bases partially hidden, but the imaged portions of the lungs are clear, top normal heart size is stable, cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  No pneumothorax.  Chest CTA performed earlier in the day showed no right pleural effusion or abnormality in the lower lobe.', 'Findings: were discussed with Dr. ___ By Dr. ___ ___ telephone at  5:48pm on ___, 2 minutes after discovery. WET READ VERSION #1 ___ ___ ___:51 PM  Low lung volumes, which results in bronchovascular crowding. Mild haziness of  the hila bilaterally may relate to early pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.     These findings were discussed with Dr. ___ By Dr. ___ ___ telephone at  5:48pm on ___, 2 minutes after discovery. ______________________________________________________________________________                              
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: Normal radiograph of the chest.']
['Findings: Feeding tube has been advanced and now coils within the fundus.  Heart is mildly enlarged and the aorta is tortuous without change.  Persistent left superior mediastinal widening with rightward deviation of the trachea secondary to thyroid enlargement.  Bibasilar linear atelectasis persists, left greater than right.  A slightly more confluent area of opacity is seen in the left infrahilar region, and could reflect either atelectasis or pneumonia.  Short-term followup radiographs may be helpful in this regard. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lung volumes are low leading to crowding of the bronchovascular structures.  Bilateral diaphragmatic eventration is unchanged from the prior examination.  Left lower lobe retrocardiac atelectasis is noted.  Asymmetrical opacity overlying the first costochondral junction is present.  The right lung and upper left lung are otherwise grossly clear.  There is no large pleural effusion identified.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly within normal limits.  Diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis is noted involving the visualized thoracic spine. Impression: 1.  Low lung volumes and left retrocardiac atelectasis.  No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2.  Asymmetric opacities noted overlying the first costochondral junction.  Findings may be degenerative in nature, although an overlying pulmonary nodule cannot be excluded.  Recommend apical lordotic views for further assessment.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal contour is normal.  A faint vertical line projecting over the left lateral chest simulates a pneumothorax but is likely external to the patient as lung markings can be seen crossing this line. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: No parenchymal mass or consolidation is seen. The pleural surfaces an cardiomediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. Impression: No parenchymal mass consolidation is seen.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the left chest tube is been removed and there is no evidence a pneumothorax.  Subcutaneous gas is again seen along the left lateral chest wall. Continued low lung volumes with little change in the appearance of the heart and lungs.', 'Findings:  Impression: Moderately severe subcutaneous emphysema in the left chest wall and axilla has increased slightly since ___.  There is no detectable left pneumothorax or appreciable pleural effusion, left pleural drainage tube still in place.  Leftward mediastinal shift is stable.  Right lung is low in volume but grossly clear. Previous mediastinal widening decreased substantially between ___ and ___ and not subsequently recurred.  The same is true for enlargement of the left hilus.  Heart is normal size.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pre-existing right upper lobe process has decrease in extent and severity. The left chest tube is in unchanged position. A millimetric pneumothorax is still seen along the left mediastinal border.  The extent of air collection in the soft tissues has
['Findings: There is a new opacity in the left lower lobe concerning for pneumonia given the clinical setting. Stable normal heart size with tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The right lung is clear. Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia.  Recommend followup radiographs after treatment to ensure resolution.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:05 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings: There are chain sutures in the left lung. Lungs are clear.  Cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is an unfolded thoracic aorta. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal. The aorta is markedly tortuous but unchanged.  Chain sutures in the medial left lung suggests prior wedge resection. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Multiple clips are noted within the upper abdomen. No acute osseous abnormalities present. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Stable cardiomegaly accompanied by improving pulmonary vascular congestion and decreasing pulmonary edema.  Small pleural effusions are present, but there is no visible pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change in the appearance of the bilateral pleural effusions with underlying compressive atelectasis. Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with some indistinctness of pulmonary vessels suggesting some elevated pulmonary venous pressure.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there again are bilateral pleural effusions, much more prominent on the right. Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with vascular congestion. In the appropriate clinical setting, it would be difficult to exclude superimposed pneumonia. Single pacer lead extends again to the apex of the right ventricle.', 'Findings:  Impression: Left pleural catheter is in place with a persistent small left pleural effusion and adjacent left lower lobe atelectasis and or consolidation.  A small to moderate right pleural effusion is similar to the prior study, but adjacent right basilar lung opacification has improved.', 'Findings: There
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouettes are normal.  The bilateral hila are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear.  There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The imaged osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  Lungs are clear of focal consolidation or effusion.  Cardiac silhouette is at upper normal limits of normal and size.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Slight degenerative changes are present along the thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: Elevation of left hemidiaphragm relative to right is chronic.  Left pleural effusion is small.  There is no consolidation or pulmonary edema.  Multiple calcified granuloma are unchanged.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal size. Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia.  Small left pleural effusion.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are low.  The cardiac,  mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is persistent mild relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  A calcification projecting over the right upper lobe is consistent with a granuloma near the right apex. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous examination, there is mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette and bilateral areas of atelectasis.  These atelectasis are in part caused by bilateral pleural effusions of moderate extent, better appreciated on the lateral radiograph.  Both effusions were already present in ___.  There currently is no evidence of new focal parenchymal opacity suggestive of pneumonia.  No pneumothorax.
['Findings: Cardiac size is normal.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided demonstrating no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Two views are compared with the radiographs of ___, as well as appropriate portions of the NECT torso, dated ___.  There is now significant pneumoperitoneum, related to the interval laparotomy.  There are low lung volumes with bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis, likely postoperative, as well.  Allowing for this, there is some pulmonary vascular congestion with bilateral pleural effusions, likely related to volume overload.  There is no overt alveolar edema and no definite focal consolidation.  Again demonstrated are:  Atherosclerosis involving the thoracic aorta, diffuse osteopenia, and A/C arthrosis. Impression: 1.  Post-operative pneumoperitoneum and low lung volumes and bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. 2.  Pulmonary vascular congestion which may reflect volume overload, but should be correlated clinically.', 'Findings: . Impression: 1.  Interval development of mild to moderate pulmonary edema with unchanged bilateral effusions. 2.  Prominent bowel loops should be correlated with examination findings.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study ___ ___, following the procedure there is no evidence of pneumothorax. Apical opacification process, though the lower half of the left hemithorax is much clear and there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragmatic contour. The right lung is essentially clear.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study ___ ___, the extensive opacification in the left upper lobe persists and may be even more expansive than previously. The right lung remains essentially clear.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  There is apparent scarring in the right upper lobe abutting the mediastinum and at the apex with superior retraction of the hila.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices have been removed and there are lower lung volumes.  Opacification at the right base persists.  Again, this could reflect a combination of asymmetric pulmonary edema with volume loss and possible small effusion.  However, in the appropriate clinical setting, supervening pneumonia would have to be considered.  There is increased opacification at the left base silhouetting the hemidiaphragm.  Again, this most likely reflects atelectasis and effusion, though superimposed infection cannot be definitely excluded. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the basilar atelectatic changes are less prominent.  Specifically, there is no evidence of pneumothorax.  PICC line extends to the mid portion of the SVC.', 'Findings: . Impression: As compared to the recent radiograph of ___, the appearance of the lungs is improved with better aeration at both lung bases with some residual patchy and linear opacity suggesting atelectasis.  Pulmonary vascular congestion has also improved in the interval.  No new or worsening lung findings.', 'Findings: Portable semi
['Findings: The lung volumes are low.  There is no evidence of consolidation, edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Apart from minimal atelectasis in the left lung base, the lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Remote fracture of the left mid clavicle is noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Progressive peribronchial opacification in both lower lobes, particularly the right, most likely pneumonia, could be either aspiration or progression of viral pneumonia or superimposition of superseding bacterial pneumonia.  Tiny left pleural effusion may be present, but clinically material.  No right or pericardial effusion.  No central adenopathy.', 'Findings: Four views of the chest demonstrate no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Possible cardiomegaly.  No acute pulmonary process identified.']
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated bilaterally with mild opacity and prominence of vasculature suggestive of mild pulmonary edema.  This finding along with stable cardiomegaly are consistent with a mild congestive heart failure.  The pleural surfaces are within normal limits.  There are no areas of focal consolidation or pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  There are stable degenerative changes seen along the mid thoracic spine. Impression: Mild congestive heart failure.  These findings were reported to Dr. ___ at 4:45 p.m. via phone by ___ ___.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.The heart size is top normal and the mediastinal contours are normal.No pleural abnormality is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  Cardiomegaly is again noted, severe, with mild to moderate pulmonary edema.  No large effusion is seen.  No pneumothorax.  No asymmetric opacity to raise concern for pneumonia.  Mediastinal contour is stable.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air
['Findings: Lung volumes are low. Cardiac silhouette size is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   There has been interval removal of the PICC line.  Mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is again noted.  There is mild left basal atelectasis.  Lungs are otherwise clear.  Heart size is grossly stable.  There is stable prominence of the mediastinum.  Bony structures appear grossly intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: As above.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has been extubated.  The nasogastric tube remains in situ.  The lung volumes have decreased.  Moderate left pleural effusion with subsequent atelectasis.  Minimal right pleural effusion.  Moderate cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema persists.', 'Findings:  Impression: Mild pulmonary edema has changed in distribution but not in overall severity.  Combination of left lower lobe atelectasis and small to moderate left pleural effusion has increased.  Right pleural effusion small if any.  Mild cardiomegaly unchanged.  Right PIC line ends
['Findings:  Impression: Small right pleural effusion, vascular congestion, and heart size have increased.  Fissural pleural fluid or small region of atelectasis has developed at the right lung base.  No good evidence for pneumonia.', 'Findings: Chest:  The heart is normal in size.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  The left hilar contour is normal.  There is no area of focal consolidation.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen. Grade lateral inferior rib fractures are identified. Known bilateral first rib and thoracic spine fractures are better seen on recent CT scan from ___  Single AP view of the right hip shows no fracture or dislocation. There is mild to moderate degenerative change seen at the femoral acetabular joint. No suspicious lytic or sclerotic lesions are seen. There is excreted contrast seen in the bladder.  There is moderate soft tissue swelling seen along the lateral right leg. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Known rib and thoracic spine fractures better characterized by CT scan.  Soft tissue swelling at the lateral aspect of the right thigh without underlying fracture based
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged with no evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.']
['Findings: The ET tube terminates approximately 5.5 cm above the carina.  Enteric tube traverses below the diaphragm with the tip out of view of this film.  The bases of the lungs demonstrate mild atelectasis otherwise no focal consolidations, pleural effusions or pneumothoraces are seen.  Heart size is normal. Apparent widening of the mediastinum is secondary to mediastinal fat as seen on the CT. Note is made of a subtle nondisplaced fracture of the right lateral 5th rib, better evaluated on the recent CT. Impression: ET tube terminate 5.6 cm above the carina.  No acute intrathoracic abnormalities are identified.  There is a subtle, nondisplaced fracture of the right lateral 5th rib.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral chest radiographs provided.  Underpenetration limits assessment.  There is hilar congestion with mild interstitial pulmonary edema. No convincing evidence for pneumonia.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal contour is stable with calcified aorta. No large effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Mild interstitial edema.', 'Findings: Cardiac silhouette size remains mildly enlarged with prominent epicardial fat pad.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged with atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic knob.  Lungs are hyperinflated with mild emphysematous changes again noted within the upper lobes.  There is mild upper zone vascular redistribution without frank pulmonary edema.  Patchy opacities in the lung bases likely reflect areas of atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is visualized. Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis.  Mild emphysema.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.', 'Findings:  Impression: No previous images. The cardiac silhouette is at
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Appearance of the pleural space on the right as well as of the partly atelectatic lung parenchyma on the right is constant.  Constant increase in lung parenchymal density on the left, likely reflecting mild fluid overload, but improved as compared to the previous examination. Impression: ', 'Findings: are unchanged as compared to the prior study obtained two hours earlier. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Pre-existing extensive right basal opacities and right apical consolidations are unchanged in extent and severity.  Unchanged appearance of the left lung, with predominantly perihilar and basal interstitial prominence, suggesting the presence of mild fluid overload.  Unchanged appearance of the cardiac silhouette.  Unchanged position of the tracheostomy tube. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, following the biopsy, there is no convincing evidence of pneumothorax.  Some indistinctness of pulmonary vessels could reflect some overhydration in a patient with cardiac silhouette at the upper limits of normal in size. Impression
['Findings:  Impression: Right basal opacity could reflect effusion/atelectasis or RLL pneumonia']
['Findings: Right internal jugular Swan-Ganz catheter terminates in proximal right pulmonary artery. The IABP terminates at the level of carina.  There is no pulmonary edema.  There is mild platelike atelectasis in the left lung base. There is no pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Lung volume is low. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is upper limits of normal and unchanged.  Right midclavicular deformity is likely a healed prior fracture. Impression: There is mild platelike atelectasis at left lung base, otherwise no notable change.', "Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal. Mediastinum is normal. Lungs are essentially clear although hyperinflated with linear opacities posteriorly, potentially representing 's combination of scarring and bronchiectasis.  The position of the right atrial and right ventricular lead is unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax. There is no pleural effusion noted.", 'Findings:  Impression: Intra-aortic balloon pump appears to be approximately 3.5 cm below the roof of the aortic arch. Heart size is top-
['Findings: The right base atelectasis is slightly reduced also with reduced but still substantial right pleural effusion.    Left lung is well inflated with minimal basal pleural effusion.    Heart size is slightly enlarged.   Aorta profile is sinuous with aortic arch calcifications. Impression: Improved right ventilation with persistent pleural effusion.', 'Findings: The heart size is difficult to assess given the presence of a moderate right pleural effusion, but is likely mildly enlarged.  The aorta is tortuous and diffusely calcified.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion, and there is no definite hilar enlargement.  Right basilar opacification likely reflects a combination of moderate pleural effusion and right basilar atelectasis.  Small left pleural effusion is also demonstrated with minimal streaky retrocardiac atelectasis.  No pneumothorax is present.  A catheter is seen coursing across the midline and terminating in the region of the right upper abdomen or lung base, but appears to have moved between the frontal and lateral views.  Multilevel degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: Moderate size right
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Bilateral vagal stimulators are again noted bilaterally. Degenerative changes are seen along the spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Stimulator devices in bilateral chest with the leads coursing cranially are present, unchanged in position since prior studies.  Apart from the lungs obscured by the stimulator devices, appear clear.  No opacities concerning for pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion.  Old healed rib fractures are seen on the right side.  Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.  No pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: Hyperinflation and diminished vascularity are severe, reflecting marked bullous emphysema.  Multiple right upper lobe bronchial coils are unchanged in their positions. There has been a slight increase in bronchial wall thickening or retained secretions.  Lower lungs have the appearance of mild pulmonary edema', 'Findings: Severe emphysema there is responsible for marked pulmonary hyperinflation. Multiple bronchial valve were placed in the right lung on or about ___. Peribronchial infiltration may have been present as early as ___ but had clearly progressed to extensive heterogeneous consolidation on ___. The process was largely in the right upper lobe, anterior and posterior segments,  but peribronchial infiltration was visible in the right middle and lower lobes. Since ___ there has been no improvement in the upper lobe posterior segmental involvement, minimal improvement in the anterior segmental involvement and substantial clearing of peribronchial right middle and lower lobes. The abnormality could be either infection, involving lungs and bronchial tree, and/or hemorrhage. Lung nodules have been reported on prior chest CTs. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and there is no ple
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
["Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  A BB marker indicating site of the patient's pain is noted overlying the left lateral 11th rib.  No osseous abnormality is seen in the vicinity of this marker.  No displaced rib fractures are noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No displaced rib fractures identified.  If there is continued concern for rib fracture, a dedicated rib series is recommended."]
['Findings: The lungs are symmetrically well expanded and well aerated without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged and there is no overt pulmonary edema.  The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lung volumes are low.  Heart is top normal in size, and cardiomediastinal contour is unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Vascular graft partially seen in the upper abdomen. Impression: Low lung volumes.  Otherwise, no acute intrathoracic abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged evidence of minimal retrocardiac atelectasis, at overall low lung volumes.  No convincing evidence for the presence of pneumonia.  No pleural effusions. Mild elongation of the descending aorta.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: Heart size is unchanged and remains at the high end of normal.  Again, calcifications are seen within the arch of the aorta.  Cardiomediastinal contours are unremarkable.  Lung volumes are low but not significantly changed from the prior study; however, bilateral pleural effusions are markedly improved on the left and somewhat better on the right.  No pneumothorax.  The position of the chest tube remains unchanged. Impression: Bilateral pleural effusions have decreased in size.  Lungs appear to be better aerated.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is an unchanged appearance of the approximately 5 mm right apical pneumothorax.  The areas of adjacent pleural thickening and pleural thickening at the right lung base, combined to areas of atelectasis is also constant.  Constant appearance of the two right chest tubes. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right chest tube has been removed.  The pre-existing right pneumothorax is no longer visible, the presence of a minimal air-fluid level at the very apex of the right lung suggests some minimal air inclusion in
['Findings: The heart and great vessels are normal.  The patient is rotated to the right.  Increased fullness in the right superior paratracheal region from known superior mediastinal mass again seen, unchanged The lungs are clear of an active frozen well-expanded.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Since the previous exam the right PICC line has been removed. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  The patient has received the new right-sided PICC line.  The course of the line is unremarkable, the tip of the line projects over the cavoatrial junction.  No complications, notably no pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: No comparison.  Mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm, caused by an over distended colon.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax.  No pulmonary edema. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours. No evidence of mediastinal fluid retention.  The mediastinal mass biopsied on ___ causes a mild right cord enlargement of the
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate pacemaker device projecting over left hemithorax, with leads terminating within the right atrium and right ventricle.  There is no pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax. The aorta appears prominent.  Otherwise, hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart is mildly enlarged.  Perihilar pulmonary vascular congestion is noted.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly and perihilar vascular congestion.', 'Findings: IMPRESSION (PFI): ___ ___ ___ 11:49 AM Impression: (PFI): ___ ___ ___ 11:49 AM  IMPRESSION:  Pacer defibrillator unit with leads in the right atrium, right  ventricle, and a distal vein of the coronary sinus. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT HISTORY:  ___-year-old male with new CRT-D via the left subclavian.  STUDY:
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest.  The heart size and mediastinal contours are normal.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: Cardiac size is normal.  There are low lung volumes.  Bibasilar opacities could be atelectasis or pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  There is no pneumo thorax Impression: Bibasilar opacities could correspond to atelectasis or pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Calcified pleural plaque partially obscures assessment of the left lung base.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Multilevel degenerative changes are seen in the thoracic spine.  Surgical anchors project over the right humeral head. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Left-sided calcified pleural plaques.']
['Findings:  Impression: Lungs are mildly hyperinflated and clear of any focal abnormalities.  Vascular pattern in the upper lobes suggests emphysema. Heart is mildly enlarged but pulmonary vasculature is normal and there is no edema or pleural effusion.  Retrocardiac opacity posterior to dilated lower esophagus is probably paraesophageal hiatus hernia.  Oblique views would be confirmatory.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  If patient does not have a known hiatus hernia, to confirm that oblique views should be obtained during a swallow of carbonated beverage or oral contrast agent.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged, unchanged from prior.  Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax.  There is severe degenerative change in the bilateral shoulders. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Severe bilateral shoulder degenerative changes.', 'Findings: Lower lung volumes seen on the current exam with secondary bronchovascular crowding.  There is probable superimposed vascular congestion with possible mild edema.  No definite focal consolidation or large effusion.  Right hilar enlargement is similar compared to prior.  Degree of enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is likely unchanged.  Severe degenerative changes noted at the shoulders.  Lumbar fixation hardware is noted. Impression: Cardiomegaly with vascular congestion and possible mild edema.  No definite focal consolidation.', 'Findings: Heart size is moderately enlarged, slightly increased in the interval.  Mediastinal contours are unchanged.  There is mild pulmonary edema, worse in the interval with central pulmonary vascular engorgement.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothor
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is within normal limits. There is atelectasis at the lung bases.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothoraces are seen. Bony structures are grossly intact.']
['Findings:  Impression: Lungs are fully expanded and clear. Nipple shadows should not be mistaken for lung nodules.  Mediastinal contours are stable, including the region of the ascending aorta shown to be moderately dilated on the chest CT. Only 1 of several calcified pleural plaques seen on the chest CT is visible on the conventional radiographs, along the right diaphragmatic surface.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the cardiac silhouette remains within normal limits and there is tortuosity of the aorta. Flattening hemidiaphragms is again consistent with chronic pulmonary disease, though there is no evidence of acute focal pneumonia. As on the CT of ___, there is an nodular opacification at the right base adjacent to the hemidiaphragm of, most likely representing 1 of several pleural plaques.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. Mild overinflation, as manifested by flattened hemidiaphragms on the lateral image. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette, mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta
['Findings: The patient is status post coronary artery bypass graft surgery.  The heart appears borderline enlarged.  There is volume loss in the left lung with smooth thickening of the left apical pleura suggesting scarring and potentially post-surgical change.  There is no definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The pulmonary interstitium is mildly prominent, suggesting mild vascular congestion, including perihilar fullness.  The frontal view also suggests a medial retrocardiac opacity.  The bones appear markedly demineralized.  A lower thoracic vertebral body shows a vertebra plana deformity which is of uncertain chronicity, although not necessarily acute.  In addition, a second vertebral body, probably relating to the upper lumbar spine, shows a poorly visualized suspected compression deformity. Impression: 1.  Smooth but marked left apical pleural thickening, suspected to be chronic and possibly due to prior inflammation or possibly post-surgical.  Direct comparison to prior studies may be helpful to assess for change if any are available.  2.  Patchy suspected retrocardiac opacity.  Possibilities include atelectasis or scarring.  Pneumonia is not excluded.
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  The lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There are multilevel degenerative changes within the thoracic spine with anterior bridging osteophytes.  Cholecystectomy clips are present within the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, a left retrocardiac opacity has newly appeared.  The opacity is better visualized on the lateral than on the frontal radiograph.  The change is located at the level of the dorsal costophrenic sinus, is ill-defined and shows air bronchograms.  Pneumonia would be the most likely differential diagnosis.  However, correlation with previous radiographs as well as the clinical presentation is required to make this determination. Low lung volumes.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  No pleural effusions.  NOTIFICATION:  If the patient does not clinically present present with a picture suggestive of pneumonia, CT should be performed to rule out the presence of a left lower lobe neoplasm.', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Linear opacity at the left lower lung may represent atelectasis.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  Osseous structures are intact. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated suggesting emphysema. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are grossly unremarkable.  No chf, focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is detected. There is vague focal opacity over the right lung base laterally. Based on the lateral view, this appears to be due to an anterior fat pad, rather than a lung contusion.  Old healed left rib and left clavicular fractures are noted. Mild thoracic spine degenerative change noted. No t-spine vertebral body compression fracture or obvious acute rib fracture is detected on this lung-technique film. Impression: 1) Hyperinflated lungs suggest emphysema.   2) Suspect fat pad accounting for vague opacity at right lung base -- please see comment above.  If this corresponds to a site of symptoms, then follow-up radiographs to assess for any interval change would be recommended.']
['Findings:  Impression: Right chest tube is in place.  Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  There is minimal left apical pneumothorax, slightly more conspicuous than on the prior study.  Right basal atelectasis is mild, overall unchanged.  There is no increase in pleural effusion or development of pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  The patient has undergone left lower lobectomy.  No pneumothorax or other complications.  No pleural effusions.  Mild left basal atelectasis.', 'Findings: In comparison to ___ chest radiograph, the previously seen small left apical pneumothorax and left lower lung atelectasis have resolved.  Blunt left costophrenic angle may represent small left pleural effusion versus pleural thickening.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contour are normal. Impression: 1.  Previously seen small left apical pneumothorax and left lower lung atelectasis have resolved. 2. Blunted left costophrenic angle may be secondary to a small left pleural effusion versus pleural thickening.', 'Findings: 
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided demonstrating no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are obtained.  There are low lung volumes, which accentuate the bronchovascular markings particularly at the lung bases.  Given this, no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process present.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were provided.  Bibasilar opacities may represent atelectasis in the setting of low lung volumes; however, infection cannot be excluded.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is top normal with a tortuous aorta.  The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable.  The bones are intact. Impression: Bibasilar opacities may represent atelectasis in the setting of low lung volumes; however, infection cannot be excluded.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  New bibasilar opacities may reflect aspiration or pneumonia, though atelectasis is also possible. 2.  Unchanged mild cardiomegaly', 'Findings: The heart size remains mildly enlarged but unchanged.  The aorta is tortuous.  The mediastinal and hilar contours otherwise are stable.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion.  Patchy opacities are demonstrated in both lung bases, right more so than left, which could reflect atelectasis but infection cannot be excluded, particularly in the right lung base.  No pleural effusion or pneumothor
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest were provided.  The lungs appear clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. There is no evidence of free air beneath the diaphragms. Impression: No evidence of free air beneath the diaphragms.  Clear lungs.  Borderline cardiac silhouette size.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without a consolidation or pulmonary edema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no free air below the hemidiaphragms.  There is a mild dextroscoliosis centered in the mid thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The patient is rotated.  Probably overall not a significant interval change when accounting for differences in patient position and imaging technique.  Slightly hazy opacification of the lower lungs bilaterally is likely secondary to dependent small pleural effusions on this semi erect film.  Moderate to severe cardiomegaly persists and is overall unchanged.  Pulmonary vascular congestion is probably also overall unchanged.  Pulmonary edema is minimal if any, and likely dependent if present.  No pneumothorax. Impression: No significant interval change.', 'Findings:  Impression: There is again seen a right IJ central line with the distal lead tip in the right atrium.  Heart size is prominent but stable.  Small bilateral effusions are seen. Pulmonary edema has improved since prior and there has been reduction in the size of pleural effusions.  There are no pneumothoraces.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are slow but improved. Moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly persists.  Blunting of the costophrenic angles, worse on the right, suggests persistent layering small pleural effusions.  Pulmonary vascular congestion but no pulmonary edema. Impression
['Findings: Since the recent study, a nasogastric tube has been advanced, terminating below the diaphragm.  Endotracheal tube is in standard position, and cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits.  New patchy ill-defined opacities have developed in the left upper lobe and in the inferior aspect of the lingula, most likely due to focal atelectasis or aspiration given rapid development.  A poorly defined subcentimeter nodule is also noted at the level of the right third anterior rib and should be followed up by a standard PA and lateral chest x-ray prior to discharge to help determine whether this is a true pulmonary abnormality or a structure related to the rib or overlying external devices. Impression: ', 'Findings: Tip of endotracheal tube terminates 4 cm above the carina, and tip of nasogastric tube terminates in the mid thoracic esophagus at approximately the T7 vertebral body level.  Subsequent, separately dictated chest ___ under clip ___documents successful repositioning of this device.  Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits.  No focal areas of consolidation are present in the lungs
['Findings: Compared to prior, there is obscuration of the right hemidiaphragm, concerning for pneumonia.  No appreciable pleural effusion is seen.  Left lung is mostly clear. The heart size is unchanged. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Impression: Right lower lobe pneumonia.  Repeat chest radiograph in 4 weeks following antibiotic therapy is recommended.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Right lower lobe pneumonia.  Repeat chest radiograph in 4 weeks following antibiotic therapy is recommended.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the ___ ___ at 2:45 PM, 10 minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is no change.  Endotracheal tube tip lies just above the clavicular level, approximately 5 cm above the carina.  Right IJ catheter again extends well into the right atrium. Impression: ']
['Findings: A linear right middle lobe opacity is unchanged since at least ___, and previously characterized as bronchiectasis on CT.  There is no new focal consolidation No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is continued opacification at the right base medially that appears as a band of increased opacification on the lateral view.  Again, this appearance is consistent with consolidation in the right middle lobe.  In view of the persistence of this appearance, CT could be suggested to exclude a central obstructing lesion. Impression: ', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  There appears to be slight interval increase in focal consolidation at the right middle lobe concerning for pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Could be edema at right lower lobe. Impression: Slight interval increase in consolidation at the right middle lobe concerning for pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without focal opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no pulmonary edema.  The heart and mediastinal contours are normal.  There is no free air beneath the right hemidiaphragm.  There is no acute fracture.  There are mild degenerative changes within the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Blunting of the right costophrenic angle suggests a small right pleural effusion.  Overlying right base opacity may be due to atelectasis however, infectious process is not excluded.  There is likely left base atelectasis.  Interstitial appearing opacity at the right lung apex with upward retraction of the right hilum likely consistent with postradiation change, as seen on chest CT from ___. Impression: New blunting of the right costophrenic angle raises concern for small right pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis.  Right base consolidation is difficult to exclude.  Likely left base atelectasis.  Right upper hemi thorax post radiation change.']
['Findings: Left-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates within the upper SVC.  Cardiac silhouette size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion.  No acute osseous abnormalities are detected.  Dense material is noted within colonic loops of bowel within the upper abdomen, likely reflecting residual oral contrast material.  A stent is partially imaged within the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of failure.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are fully expanded and clear.  Mild cardiomegaly stable.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  A small left pleural effusion is new.  The right pleural surface is normal. Impression: No evidence of acute pulmonary process.']
['Findings: Perihilar bronchial cuffing is concerning for bronchitis. The heart is within normal limits.  There is no pneumothorax.  Osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: Perihilar bronchial cuffing is concerning for bronchitis.  PNEUMONIA IS UNLIKELY.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: were discussed with the ICU care team at the time of dictation. Impression: AP chest compared to 3:56 p.m. on ___:  Widespread pulmonary opacification has worsened, particularly in the lower lungs, but the pattern is still consistent with progressive pulmonary edema.  Obliteration of the right diaphragmatic pleural contour is a function of the greater edema and possible increasing pleural effusion at the right base.  The left internal jugular line can be traced nearly 6 cm inferior to the lower margin of the left clavicle, a course that is equivocal as to anatomic location.  It could be in an inferiorly positioned left brachiocephalic vein, intra-arterial, in the aorta, in a small mediastinal vein, or extravascular.  The anatomic possibilities can be narrowed by measuring blood gases and pressure in the line.  A right supraclavicular central venous infusion port passes into the right heart, where the tip is probably in the right ventricle. No pneumothorax.  Heart size is difficult to assess, probably moderately increased.  Mediastinal caliber is within normal limits and
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with study ___, there is a streak of opacification at the left base.  This most likely represents atelectasis, though in the appropriate clinical setting a developing pneumonia cannot be unequivocally excluded.  Central line remains in place. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous image, bilateral opacities on the right and consolidation on the left have increased in extent and severity.  These increase is suggestive of either pneumonia or aspiration.  No pleural effusions are noted. Mild fluid overload but no pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax. Unchanged course and position of the left subclavian vein catheter.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Interval removal of left subclavian vascular catheter with no pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Right pleural effusion has developed, with appearance suggesting possible loculation laterally.  Adjacent focus of atelectasis or consolidation is present.  Left lung is clear except for minor linear atelectasis in the left mid and lower lung regions. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the monitoring and support devices are in unchanged position. Unchanged moderate right and small left pleural effusion, with subsequent areas of atelectasis at the right and the left lung bases.  Unchanged size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pneumothor
['Findings: Two portable frontal views of the chest initially show a consolidation within the left lung which immediately clears on repeat imaging, suggesting atelectasis.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lung volumes are low, which accentuates the bronchovascular structures.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear without lobar consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No displaced rib fractures identified.  No evidence of pneumoperitoneum. Impression: No acute fracture or acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Right central catheter tip is in thecavoatrial junction. Cardiac size is normal.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.', 'Findings: The heart is enlarged but stable in size from the prior exam on ___. The mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion without frank edema. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Prominence of the upper mediastinum is consistent with mediastinal lipomatosis, as before.  Spinal stimulator is unchanged in position. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.', 'Findings: Left chest wall pacing leads ending in the left atrium and left ventricle, with a third lead in the coronary sinus.  A a right chest wall Port-A-Cath ends in the low SVC.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no focal lung consolidation. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: Right-sided Port
['Findings: No focal consolidation is seen.  There is minimal left mid lung linear atelectasis/ scarring.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  No displaced fractures are seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and likely CABG.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  The chest is hyperinflated.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions as well as vague right lower lobe opacity, probably due to atelectasis.  A mild interstitial abnormality mostly involves the lowre lungs and may be due to slight congestion or airway inflation.  Mild bilateral pleural thickening is greater on the right left, possibly fluid, extrapleural fat or fibrous tissue. Impression: Small suspected bilateral pleural effusions.  Right basilar opacity, probably atelectasis.  Mild non-specific interstitial abnormality.', 'Findings: Portable upright study shows no interval widening or suspicious change and contours of the upper mediastinum.  Taking into account AP technique, cardiac size is unchanged and no central pulmonary vascular congestion or focal parenchymal lung consolidation is seen. Small bilateral pleural effusions remain with slight increase on the right. Impression: No suspicious change in mediastinal contours.  Slight interval increase in small right pleural effusion.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Lung volumes are low, exaggerating the bronchovascular markings.  There is mild prominence of the interstitium but no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  A shunt catheter traverses the right neck, chest, and upper abdomen. Impression: No focal consolidation.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinum is normal.  Minimal bibasal areas of atelectasis are present.  Elevated right hemidiaphragm is new as compared to ___, was seen on chest CT from ___.  There is no pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Linear opacities within the right mid lung and at the left base are likely due to subsegmental atelectasis.  No focal consolidations to suggest pneumonia.   Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: 1. No focal consolidations to suggest pneumonia. 2. The previously visualized subcentimeter lung nodules are below the resolution of this examination.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral view of the chest were performed.  No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation.  Heart size is normal and there is no evidence for pulmonary edema.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Air-filled loops of bowel are seen underneath the diaphragm. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Specifically, no pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: There has been interval decrease in amount of left pleural effusion.  There is residual left basal atelectasis, though improved compared to prior.  There is no significant change in the right lung or the cardiomediastinal silhouette.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Interval decrease in left pleural effusion and atelectasis.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Compared to prior, there is new moderate left basal atelectasis with associated leftward shift due to volume a loss and small left pleural effusion.  The evaluation of left heart border is difficult, but the heart size is likely normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The right lung is clear.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Interval development of small left pleural effusion and moderate left basilar atelectasis since ___.']
['Findings: BEDSIDE AP UPRIGHT RADIOGRAPH OF THE CHEST:  Minimal improvement in the degree of pulmonary edema compared to the study from yesterday.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  There continues to be stable widening of the upper mediastinum reflecting elevated central venous pressure.  The heart size is normal.  A small left pleural effusion persists and there is a new small right-sided pleural effusion as demonstrated by uniform right lower lung field opacity which obscures the hemidiaphragmatic contour.  A right IJ central line terminates appropriately in the low SVC.  The endotracheal tube has been withdrawn and now lies appropriately 3.7 cm above the carina.  The orogastric tube is unchanged in position, with the side port in the stomach.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  New small right pleural effusion.  Unchanged small left pleural effusion. 2.  Slight improvement in mild pulmonary edema with persistent evidence of elevated central venous pressure. 3.  Endotracheal tube now in more optimal position, 3.7 cm above the carina.',
['Findings: A ___ entire tube and left-sided PICC remain in stable position.  The cardiac silhouette is unremarkable and unchanged.  Again noted is a retrocardiac opacity and moderate left-sided pleural effusion, not significantly changed since recent examination.  There is mild, stable pulmonary edema, also unchanged since most recent examination. Impression: 1.  Left lower lobe atelectasis, superimposed infection cannot be excluded.  . 2.  Persistent left-sided pleural effusion, unchanged.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the tip of the endotracheal tube lies approximately 3 cm above the carina.  There is still evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion, though it appears less prominent than on the previous study.  Layering left pleural effusion is seen with associated atelectatic changes at the left base.  In the appropriate clinical setting, superimposed pneumonia would have to be considered.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices are unchanged.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is still some elevation of pulmonary venous pressure.  Opacification at the left base
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images, so that no observation can be made about possible interval change.  There are relatively low lung volumes with the cardiac silhouette at the upper limits of normal or mildly enlarged.  Some indistinctness of pulmonary vessels suggests mild elevation of pulmonary venous pressure.  No evidence of acute focal pneumonia.  Bibasilar atelectatic changes are seen.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is a vague left infrahilar opacity, probably within the left lower lobe concerning for pneumonia.  Elsewhere, the lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The osseous structures appear within normal limits. Impression: Findings suggesting pneumonia in the left lower lobe.', 'Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Mild left lower lobe atelectasis.  Right upper lobe nodules stable since ___.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.  The lungs are clear despite slightly low volumes.  There is no pneumothorax, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
["Findings: There is tracheal deviation rightwards.  The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size, mediastinal contour, and hila are unremarkable. Impression: 1.  Rightward tracheal deviation is likely related to patient's known large left lower pole thyroid nodule.  Clinical correlation recommended and if concern a non urgent thyroid ultrasound can be obtained for further evaluation 2.  No pneumonia or pulmonary edema."]
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Monitoring and support devices are in stable position.  Stable left retrocardiac atelectasis and right basal parenchymal opacity.  No pulmonary edema.  No larger pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Feeding tube tip projects over lower third of the mid chest, in the distal esophagus, approximately 7 cm from the gastroesophageal junction.  Surgical clips in the right upper quadrant.  Normal heart size, pulmonary vascularity.  Lungs are clear.  No pneumothorax.  Posttraumatic or postsurgical stable deformity distal left clavicle. Impression: Feeding tube tip is in the distal third of the esophagus.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  Mild interval improvement of pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema.  There is a new small right apical pneumothorax.  The right PICC line terminates in the cavoatrial junction.  Right IJ central venous catheter terminates in the upper SVC.
['Findings:  Impression: Mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.  No radiographic evidence for pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Metallic bars noted projecting over the nipples bilaterally. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.  Specifically, no pneumothorax.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is slightly enlarged, similar to prior exam, but is otherwise unremarkable. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.    2.  Mild cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute osseous abnormality detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  NOTIFICATION:   Findings were relayed by Dr. ___ to Dr. ___ ___  by phone at 14:32 on ___.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: A Portable view of the chest demonstrates low lung volumes. Bibasilar opacities symmetrically are consistent with atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal contour is unchanged.  Known bilateral rib fractures are better seen on concurrent CT of the torso. Impression: Bibasilar symmetric opacities are consistent with atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.']
['Findings:  Impression: Minimal atelectasis at both lung bases.  Interval clearing right costophrenic angle.', 'Findings: Compared to the prior film, there is new atelectasis and a very small new right pleural effusion. The right hemidiaphragm is elevated, perhaps slightly more than on the prior film. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is similar, allowing for differences in positioning and technique. No CHF, frank consolidation, or left-sided effusion is identified. No pneumothorax and no free air beneath the diaphragm is detected. Impression: As above.', 'Findings: Only on the lateral film there is an area of focal consolidation was not present on prior study from ___.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.  Unchanged atelectasis/ scarring in the right peripheral lower lung zone.  The size of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: Opacity identified on the lateral film and may represent a summation of shadows however is new from prior examination of ___.  Pneumonia cannot be excluded and further evaluation with chest CT is recommended  RECOMMEND
['Findings: Single portable upright chest radiograph demonstrates similar appearance to ___ chest CT with severely thickened irregular pleura extending into the fissure and encasing the entire shrunken asymmetrically opacified right lung with areas of septal thickening.  The left lung and pleura are clear.   No pneumothorax is present.  Visible cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Impression: Stable examination.  Dense irregular pleural thickening with diffuse increased opacification of right lung with septal thickening likely represents mesothelioma with less likely consideration given to lymphangitic spread and pleural seeding of other primary malignancy.']
['Findings:  Impression: Left lower lobe collapse and/or consolidation, slightly worse than ___.  Vascular plethora possibly slightly improved since then.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Low lung volumes are present with minimal patchy bibasilar atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is visualized. Impression: Low lung volumes with patchy atelectasis in the lung bases.  No definite displaced rib fracture is identified, but if there is continued concern, a dedicated rib series may be helpful.', "Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lateral view is suboptimal due to low inspiration and some underpenetration, must be due to patient's body habitus.  Given this, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Suboptimal lateral view due to low lung volumes.  Given this, no definite focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.", 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vascularity
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is somewhat obscured by the presence of a moderate left pleural effusion, relatively unchanged compared to the prior exam.  Small right pleural effusion also persists.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged, with calcification of the thoracic aorta again noted.  Lung volumes are reduced, with crowding of the bronchovascular structures but no overt pulmonary edema is present.  Left basilar opacity likely reflects compressive atelectasis, but infection cannot be excluded.  Mild loss of height of a mid thoracic vertebral body is unchanged.  No pneumothorax is detected. Impression: Moderate left and small right pleural effusions, relatively unchanged with persistent left basilar opacification likely reflecting compressive atelectasis.  Infection, however, cannot be completely excluded.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There are bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis, underlying consolidation is not excluded.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  The bones are diffusely osteopenic.  There is stable mild anterior
['Findings:  Impression: COMPARED TO CHEST RADIOGRAPHS ___.  Over the past month there has been substantial involution of what was once a very widespread and very varied pulmonary abnormality.  Mass like lesion in the axillary region of the right upper lobe is now more like a scar, but medial to it is new consolidation which should be monitored to exclude pneumonia.  The previous widespread heterogeneous peribronchovascular abnormality in the lower lungs has improved and lung volumes have increased.  Heart size is normal.  No pleural effusion.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Repeat chest radiographs in 2 weeks, sooner if the patient manifests acute pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: The patient is of the biopsy of a right upper lobe lesion.  Local hemorrhage is visualized.  No pneumothorax.  Mild atelectasis in the retrocardiac lung regions and at the left lung bases.  Borderline size of the heart.  No larger pleural effusions.', 'Findings: Diffuse ill-defined airspace opacities are present bilaterally.  Low lung volumes cause bronchovascular crowding. A more mass
['Findings:  Impression: E of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  The heart is normal in size and there is no vascular congestion pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.  Bilateral apical pleural thickening is unchanged.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear. Mild atelectasis blunts the left costophrenic sulcus.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The aortic arch is calcified. There is minimal pleural thickening at the lung apices. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are slightly low. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Clear lungs bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size, mediastinal contour and hila are normal with a mildly dilated and tortuous aorta.  No intra-abdominal air on this upright view.  No bony abnormality. Impression: No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Indwelling support and monitoring devices are unchanged in position with the exception of endotracheal tube, whose tip now terminates approximately 3 cm above the carina with the neck in a flexed position.  Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance.  Pulmonary vascular congestion is accompanied by peribronchial cuffing and bilateral combined interstitial and perihilar edema, worse since the recent radiograph.  Right pleural catheter remains in place in the lower right hemithorax, with an enlarging right pleural effusion, now large in size.  No visible pneumothorax on the supine radiograph. Impression: ', 'Findings: Bilateral mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema has completely resolved; however, there is increase in moderate right pleural effusion.  Mediastinal and cardiac contours are normal.  There is no pneumothorax.  CONCLUSION:  1.  Pulmonary edema has completely resolved. 2.  Moderate right pleural effusion has increased. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: The markedly acute interval change with now widespread bilateral pulmonary parenchymal abnormalities and per
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The heart is of normal size with normal cardiomediastinal contours.  The lungs are clear without focal or diffuse abnormality.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The osseous structures are unremarkable.  No radiopaque foreign bodies. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum, and pleural surfaces. No evidence of intrathoracic malignancy or infection.']
["Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized osseous structures appear to be unremarkable; however, on the lateral view, the patient's arm is down, which limits evaluation of the retrocardiac space. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified."]
['Findings: The heart size is top-normal. The lungs are well expanded clear.  No pleural abnormality is seen. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is top normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs are well-expanded and clear without focal consolidation. The upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Top normal heart size.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are hyperinflated.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There are bibasilar opacities with Kerley B lines, consistent with mild pulmonary edema. Moderate cardiomegaly. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema and moderate cardiomegaly consistent with heart failure. The lungs are hyperinflated.  These findings were discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ at 845am on ___ by phone.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Comparison with the earlier study of this date, there is no appreciable change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No evidence of pneumothorax or vascular congestion. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there are somewhat lower lung volumes in this patient who has undergone previous CABG procedure with intact midline sternal wires.  The lungs are essentially clear without evidence of pulmonary edema or pleural effusion, though there is blunting of the left costophrenic angle that is essentially unchanged. Impression: ']
['Findings: AP and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates clear lungs bilaterally.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or evidence of pulmonary edema.  There is no free subdiaphragmatic gas. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.No pleural abnormality is seen.  No displaced rib fracture. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There are low lung volumes.  Bibasilar opacities, right greater than left, are seen which may be due to aspiration or infection is not excluded.  No large pleural effusion is seen.  There is no pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Bibasilar opacities more pronounced on the right, in the setting of seizure, could be due to aspiration or infection.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  In comparison to the
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Minimal bibasilar atelectasis is noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Single AP view of the chest.  The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion, or pulmonary vascular congestion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality detected. Impression: should read:  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT HISTORY:  ___-year-old male with atrial fibrillation.    COMPARISON:  ___.    FINDINGS:  Single AP view of the chest.  The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion, or pulmonary vascular congestion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality detected.    IMPRESSION:  No
['Findings: Since the prior radiograph, there has been no significant change.  Interstitial opacities, worse in the right lung, are stable.  Increased haziness may suggest small layering pleural effusions bilaterally.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  Right IJ central catheter terminates in the lower SVC.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Interstitial opacities, worse on the right, are unchanged.  Increased haziness suggests the possibility of small layering pleural effusions.', 'Findings: The feeding tube is now coiled in the stomach with the tip pointing upwards Impression: Feeding tube tip in the stomach.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Upper enteric drainage tube ends in the distal duodenum.  ET tube in standard placement.  Right jugular line ends low in the SVC.  Caval umbrella filter noted.  Lungs clear.  Heart size normal
['Findings: Lung volumes are low, without focal consolidation. Retrocardiac opacity most likely represents atelectasis.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  No displaced rib fractures are identified. Impression: Limited technique for the evaluation of rib fractures, but no displaced fractures identified. No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: by telephone 3:40 p.m., two minutes after findings were recognized. Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  There is a new large right pleural effusion which has probably developed chronically since there is no contralateral mediastinal shift.  This abnormality is accompanied by greater atelectasis in the right upper lobe where a large mass was seen previously, and obscures the contours of the heart, right hilus and mediastinum.  At the base of the left lung is a large region of new infiltration consisting of tiny and small lung nodules, irregular small opacities as well as a generalized increase in background density of the lung.  This may well be acute aspiration pneumonia.  Heart is not enlarged.  Dr. ___ ___ I discussed the findings by telephone 3:40 p.m., two minutes after findings were recognized.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Right-sided Port-A-Cath is again seen, with catheter terminating in the mid-to-distal SVC.  Nodular opacity is again seen in the right lower lung measuring approximately 3.1 x 2.5 cm.  Minimal left base atelectasis is seen.  The left costophrenic angle is not fully included.  No evidence of focal consolidation or large pleural effusion is seen.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with prior study, there has been placement of a nasogastric tube that coils within the fundus of the stomach with the tip close to the esophagogastric junction.  Right subclavian catheter again extends to the lower SVC.  There are several streaks of atelectasis at both bases without acute focal pneumonia or vascular congestion. Impression: ', 'Findings: 3.4 cm right middle lobe mass is again seen and grossly unchanged in size since ___.  Otherwise no parenchymal opacities concerning for pneumonia.  Cardiac size is top normal. Trace left pleural eff
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits for technique.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Mediastinal vascular engorgement has cleared.  Heart is borderline enlarged but unchanged.  Greater opacification at the right lung base is attributable to worsened atelectasis.  No appreciable pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. ET tube is in standard placement, and the nasogastric tube passes into the upper stomach.  A temperature probe appears to be looped in the hypopharynx.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: The tip of an endotracheal tube is in unchanged position at the inferior margin of the clavicles 3 cm above the carina.  An enteric catheter projects inferiorly out of the field of view.  Lung volumes are low, accentuating the central pulmonary vasculature.  Bibasilar atelectasis is unchanged.  Moderate cardiomegaly is stable without evidence of pulmonary edema.  No focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax is present. Impression: Stable low lung volumes, bibasilar atelectasis, and moderate cardiomegally.', 'Findings: A single supine portable frontal radiograph of the
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the left hemidiaphragm is more sharply seen, suggesting improvement in the atelectasis and pleural effusion (unless the patient has taken a more upright position).  Endotracheal tube again lies in good position.  The nodular opacification in the left mid zone is again seen and there is no significant pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is again some enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. The pulmonary vascularity is essentially within normal limits.  The nodular opacification in the mid to upper portion of the left lung is again seen and there is no evidence a pneumothorax. There is increased opacification at the left base, consistent with pleural fluid and atelectatic changes. Endotracheal tube is in place with its tip approximately 3 cm above the carina.', 'Findings:  Impression: No previous images. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged and there is some indistinctness of pulmonary markings that could reflect some elevation pulmonary venous pressure.  Nodular opacification in the mid to upper portion of the left lung
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs.  Left lower lung streaky opacities most likely represent atelectasis.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: Lingular atelectasis or pneumonia. If the clinical findings do not conform to pneumonia CT scanning would be indicated to detect an endobronchial bleeding source. Dr ___ notified by email.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, since the procedure, there is no evidence of pneumothorax.  There are lower lung volumes with probable atelectatic changes at the bases. Impression: ']
['Findings: Portable frontal supine radiograph of the chest demonstrates the ET tube ending 1.7 cm above the carina and could be pulled back slightly.  An NG tube extends below the diaphragm and into the stomach.  Compared to the prior chest radiograph, there has been interval increase in widespread bilateral patchy opacities greater on the left than the right likely representing aspiration given the clinical situation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable cardiomediastinal contours. Impression: ', 'Findings: Comparison is made to prior radiographs from ___.  The endotracheal tube and feeding tube are unchanged.  There are again seen diffuse airspace opacities throughout both lungs which appear relatively stable.  There in mild improvement in the left perihilar region.  There are no pneumothoraces. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Midline sternotomy wires again noted, fragmented along the superior margin.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  Scattered calcified pleural plaque noted likely accounting for speckled opacities overlying both lungs.  No convincing evidence for pneumonia or edema.  No large effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The mediastinal contour is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  Cervical fusion hardware noted. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly.  No convincing sign of pneumonia or edema.']
['Findings: There is hazy opacity in the right upper lobe seen best on the frontal view lateral to the right hilum consistent with pneumonia. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. No suspicious bone findings. Impression: Right upper lobe pneumonia.  Chest radiograph 4 weeks after the completion of antibiotics is recommended to exclude resolution.  NOTIFICATION:  Dr. ___ was informed of findings by ___ by telephone at 14:50 on ___, 1 minute after it was discovered.', 'Findings: Heart size is top-normal. Mediastinum is unremarkable. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No abnormality demonstrated on the current study.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and fairly well-aerated lungs without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Previous  right lung pneumonia has essentially cleared.  Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces.  From
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lungs volumes have slightly decreased, likely as consequence of a lesser inspiratory effort.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Mild retrocardiac atelectasis.  No pleural effusions.  No evidence of pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were viewed.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Lungs are well expanded without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  No focal consolidation, edema, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size even with the well-expanded lungs.  The mediastinum is not widened.  No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates well expanded an clear lungs bilaterally. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Apparent depression of the superior endplate of L2 vertebral body, age indeterminate. Thickened tissue posterior to the lower sternum seen best on the lateral view could be hematoma or edema. Impression: 1.  Retrosternal increased density without sternal osseous abnormality.  This may reflect a focal hematoma.  Clinical correlation for cardiac contusion is recommended. 2.  Apparent compression deformity of the superior endplate of L2 should be correlated with clinical findings and evaluated with lumbar spine radiographs.  NOTIFICATION:  These updated findings were found during review with attending radiologist after discharge of patient from the ED.  ED Physician ___. ___ was notified by Dr. ___ ___ telephone at 8:19 on ___ and resource nurses were tasked with the job to contact patient.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of pulmonary edema.  No significant interval change from the prior exam, with diffuse interstitial opacity corresponding to post-radiation and fibrotic changes likely related to NSIP.']
['Findings: The lungs remain hyperinflated, suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  There is biapical pleural thickening, possibly slightly more increased as compared the prior study.  The trachea remains deviated to the right, stable as compared to ___ possibly due to underlining goiter.  No pleural effusion is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: Possible increased opacity at the right lung apex, correlate with follow-up chest CT.  COPD.', 'Findings: The lungs are somewhat hyperexpanded and suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Mild left basilar atelectasis is noted, but the lungs are without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Again noted is marked rightward deviation of the trachea at the thoracic inlet, similar to prior study and most likely representative of an underlying goiter.  There is aortic tortuosity with calcifications of the aortic arch.  Diffuse osteopenia is again noted.   A clip is noted in right upper quadrant and consistent with history of cholecystectomy.
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, severe thoracic kyphosis and rib deformity again make it difficult to evaluate the heart and lungs.  Multiple old healed rib fractures are again seen.  Retrocardiac opacification most likely reflects atelectatic change, though the possibility of aspiration or infectious pneumonia could certainly not be excluded.  Similarly, opacification is again seen superior to the aortic large']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ radiograph, Swan-Ganz catheter the terminates in the the junction of the distal right pulmonary artery and interlobar pulmonary artery. Cardiomegaly is accompanied by pulmonary vascular congestion and minimal interstitial edema.  Small right pleural effusion is new.  Adjacent right lower lobe opacity favors atelectasis over infectious consolidation.', 'Findings: The heart is again mild to moderately enlarged.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There may be minor right infrahilar atelectasis but no definite pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings:  Impression: There is cardiomegaly which appears slightly bigger than the prior study. There is also a new left retrocardiac opacity. There is prominence of the central pulmonary vascular markings suggestive of mild pulmonary edema, stable.  Irregularity of the right distal clavicle at the AC joint is likely posttraumatic with secondary osteoarthritic changes.', 'Findings:  Impression: Since ___, a
['Findings: Moderate pulmonary edema is similar compared to prior.  Blunting of the lateral costophrenic angles suggests pleural effusions, right greater than left.  Cardiac silhouette is top-normal.  Dense atherosclerotic calcifications are noted in the thoracic aorta.  IVC filter is partially visualized.  Vertebroplasty changes are noted in the upper lumbar spine. Impression: Moderate pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Right PICC tip terminates in the lower SVC.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Moderate cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion persists.  There is no pulmonary edema or focal abnormality in the lungs except for possible bronchiectasis in the infrahilar right lower lobe.  No evidence of pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Portable semi-erect chest radiograph ___ at 13:37 is submitted. Impression: There is perihilar and interstitial edema which has worsened since ___.  There is a layering left effusion and some patch
['Findings:  Impression: Pulmonary vascular congestion and borderline interstitial edema been present since ___ ; moderate to severe cardiomegaly has improved.  Transient left apical consolidation has also improved, presumably atelectasis due to transient bronchial obstruction.  Pleural effusions are small if any and there is no indication of pneumothorax.  ET tube is in standard placement. The upper esophageal drainage tube is barely visible as it passes into the stomach and out of view.', 'Findings:  Impression: The endotracheal tube terminates 2.9 cm above the carina.  Central pulmonary vascular congestion and minimal edema is unchanged.  Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged, slightly exaggerated by lower lung volumes since the prior study. There is no pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube in appropriate position.  The heart is enlarged. The pulmonary arteries are enlarged bilaterally. There is no pleural effusion pneumothorax. No focal consolidation. Impression: Endotracheal tube in appropriate position. Enlarged heart and pulmonary arteries.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. A pectus deformity of the chest is stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process; specifically, no evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided demonstrating no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: Single AP view of the chest was reviewed.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pneumothorax.  Dense parenchymal opacities, especially in the lower lung zones, are consistent with severe pulmonary edema.  There is no large pleural effusion. Displacement of the trachea to the left may be the result of a goiter in the right lobe of the thyroid. Impression: Severe pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pleural effusions have slightly increased in extent, but the signs indicative of centralized pulmonary edema has decreased in severity.  The size of the cardiac silhouette remains enlarged.  Atelectasis at both lung bases, but no evidence of pneumonia.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   The heart appears moderately enlarged, increased from prior.  There is a small right pleural effusion.  No overt signs of edema.  No convincing evidence for pneumonia.  No pneumothorax. Bony structures are intact.  The mediastinal contour is within normal limits.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.  Gaseous distention of the stomach noted. Impression: Cardiomegaly, progressed in the interval, small right pleural effusion.  No edema or pneumonia.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the cardiac silhouette remains within normal limits and there is no vascular congestion or pleural effusion.  There is minimal asymmetry of opacification at the right base medially.  In the appropriate clinical setting, this could represent an area of consolidation, though it may merely reflect fortuitous overlap of pulmonary markings. Impression: ']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged, with mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta again noted.  Heart size is normal.  Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No acute osseous abnormalities seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  There is no evidence of pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia.  No other lung parenchymal changes.  The hilar and mediastinal structures are unremarkable.  There is minimal tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  Normal size and shape of the cardiac silhouette.  The structures of the chest wall appear normal. Impression: ']
['Findings: Normal heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute process']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   The lungs again appear hyperinflated and lucent compatible with known emphysema.  Subsegmental atelectasis is noted at the right lung base.  No convincing signs of pneumonia or edema.  No convincing signs of edema or congestion.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: As above.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Severe overinflation.  Apical pulmonary emphysema.  No pneumonia, no pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Mild elongation of the descending aorta.']
['Findings: Lungs are hyperinflated.  There is a lingular opacity, concerning for developing infection.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: Lingular opacity, concerning for developing infection.']
['Findings: The patient has been intubated.  The endotracheal tube terminates about 3.5 cm above the carina.  An orogastric tube can be followed into the stomach, although its termination point is not imaged, located beyond the inferior margin of the film.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: Status post endotracheal intubation.  No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings:  Impression: Mild opacification at the base the right lung developed between ___ and ___.  If atelectasis or recent aspiration would contraindicate lung donation, CT scanning is recommended for clearance.  Upper lungs clear. Pleural effusion, small, on the right, if any.  ET tube and right subclavian line are in standard placements. The nasogastric tube loops in the stomach and terminates in the distal esophagus, as it did on ___.', 'Findings: An endotracheal tube is 3.2 cm above the carina. A right-sided central venous cat
['Findings: PA and lateral images of the chest.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Moderate size right pneumothorax is again demonstrated, little changed from the previous radiograph obtained earlier today at 11:13, with mild leftward shift of mediastinal structures, also unchanged.  A small right pleural effusion is also again noted, not substantially changed in the interval.  Heart size remains top-normal.  Hilar contours are unremarkable.  Atelectasis in the right lung is again noted, with diffusely increased interstitial opacities, most pronounced at the lung bases, compatible with a fibrosing chronic interstitial lung disease.  Emphysema is again noted with bulla seen within the right lung base.  Coarse calcifications was scarring in the upper lobes is re- demonstrated.  Mild wedging of a mid thoracic vertebral body is unchanged. Impression: 1. Moderate size right pneumothorax is little changed compared to the previous exam from 11:13 today with continued atelectasis of the right lung and mild leftward shift of mediastinal structures suggesting mild element of tension. 2. Small right pleural effusion, bullous emphysema, and chronic fibrosing interstitial lung disease is re- demonstrated.',
['Findings: Upright AP and lateral radiographs of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  There is hyperinflation of the lungs evidenced by increased anterior clear space and flattening of the diaphragms, suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  Increased prominence of interstitial markings likely represents chronic lung disease.  The aorta is tortuous.  There is bilateral lower lobe atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There is no pulmonary edema. Impression: 1.  No evidence of pneumonia. 2.  Left lower lobe atelectasis. 3.  Increased prominence of interstitial markings likely represents chronic lung disease.  Hyperinflation suggests COPD.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of chest demonstrate clear lungs.  The aorta is very tortuous.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Lung volumes are lower today and then 2 days prior.  Minimal left lower lobe atelectasis is again present. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in semi-upright position. 
['Findings: There are low lung volumes, accounting for some bronchovascular crowding.  No focal opacities identified.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged from prior.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: would be consistent with mild fluid overload. However, no overt pulmonary edema is present. Status post CABG. The sternal wires are in correct alignment. Calcified granuloma in the left lung apex.  No larger pleural effusions. Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have decreased. As a consequence, there is crowding of the vascular structures at the lung bases, combined to and a overall clearly enlarged cardiac silhouette. The findings would be consistent with mild fluid overload. However, no overt pulmonary edema is present. Status post CABG. The sternal wires are in correct alignment. Calcified granuloma in the left lung apex.  No larger pleural effusions.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low with mild bibasilar atelectasis, slightly improved compared to the prior exam.  There is moderate cardiomegaly.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are exaggerated due to low lung volumes which are otherwise unremarkable.  Median sternotomy and surgical clips are seen projecting over the mediastinum.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.  There is no evidence of a pneumothorax. Imp
['Findings: The cardiac silhouette size is mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: LUNG VOLUMES HAVE IMPROVED SINCE ___, SEVERE LEFT LOWER LOBE AND MODERATE RIGHT LOWER LOBE ATELECTASIS PERSISTS, AND SMALL BILATERAL PLEURAL EFFUSION IS STILL PRESENT. THERE IS NO PULMONARY EDEMA OR PNEUMOTHORAX. POSTOPERATIVE WIDENING OF THE CARDIOMEDIASTINAL SILHOUETTE HAS RESOLVED COMMENT HEART SIZE IS COMPARABLE TO THE PREOPERATIVE ___. RIGHT JUGULAR LINE ENDS IN THE MID SVC.', 'Findings:  Impression: Cardiomediastinal silhouette has a normal postoperative appearance.  Patient has been extubated, and left lower lobe atelectasis has worsened.  Small bilateral pleural effusion is presumed. There is no pulmonary edema or pneumothorax. Right jugular line ends in the mid SVC.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the patient has taken a much lower inspiration.  With the chest tube clamped, there is no evidence of pneumoth
['Findings: Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs and pleural surfaces are clear.  There are no acute skeletal findings. Impression: No findings to account for cough.  If there is strong clinical suspicion for a radiographically occult cause such as interstitial or airways disease, then high-resolution chest CT may be considered.']
['Findings:  Impression: Elevation of left hemidiaphragm with adjacent atelectasis versus scarring.  No evidence of effusion, no change from prior.', 'Findings: A single portable AP upright view of the chest was provided demonstrating increased opacity at the left lung base concerning for aspiration versus pneumonia. Given the associated volume loss in the left lower lung atelectasis also likely present. There may be an associated small pleural effusion. The right lung is clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. No pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute bony abnormalities. Impression: Opacity at the left lung base likely represents a combination of atelectasis and aspiration/ pneumonia. Possible small left effusion.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  The left hemidiaphragm is elevated and there is subtle opacity at the left base which most likely represents atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: Elevation of left hemidiaphragm and left basilar opacities which likely represent atelect
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Relatively low lung volumes are noted with linear bibasilar opacities, most likely atelectasis.  Superiorly, the lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: Bibasilar opacities likely due to atelectasis in the setting of low lung volumes, noting that infection cannot be entirely excluded.  If desired, repeat exam with improved inspiratory effort can be performed.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There are mild degenerative changes in the mid thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Lung volumes remain low with linear opacity predominantly at the left base likely reflecting subsegmental atelectasis.  No evidence of pulmonary edema or pleural effusions.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.', 'Findings: . Impression: Allowing for differences in technique and projection, there has not been appreciable change the appearance of the chest since the recent study of ___ earlier.', 'Findings: Coarsened interstitial opacities at the lung bases bilaterally are indicative of interstitial lung disease as seen on prior chest CT.  Moderate cardiomegaly is stable.  Mediastinal contours are stable, including indentation/rightward shift of the lower trachea by the aortic arch.  Increase in density of the right lung base opacity may represent superimposed pneumonia.  No large pleural effusion. Impression: Increased in density of the right lung base since the prior radiograph concerning for developing pneumonia superimposed on the chronic interstitial changes.', 'Findings: Left PICC line has been retracted, now terminating at the approximate superior cavoatrial junction.  Heart size
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinal contours are normal.  Bony structures are intact.  There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings: Compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  The bilateral areas of atelectasis are constant in appearance and extent.  The patient shows no evidence of interval appearance of new parenchymal opacity or of pleural effusions.  The size of the cardiac silhouette is constant.  The lung volumes remain low.  No evidence of pulmonary edema. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate unchanged exam with unremarkable cardiomediastinal and hilar contours.  Stable linear opacifications noted in the bilateral lung bases, left greater than right, likely representing atelectasis.  Stable blunting of the left costophrenic angle may represent small effusion versus atelectasis.  Lungs are clear without evidence of septic emboli or pneumonia. Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis.  Possible small left pleural effusion, unchanged from prior.  No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal, unchanged from ___.  The mediastinal silhouette contour contours are normal. Impression: No acute pulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are stable with mild cardiomegaly.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Lung volumes are slightly low, but there is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Streaky opacities at the left lung base are seen on the frontal view, with no definite correlate on the lateral view.  This most likely represents atelectasis.  No other focal consolidation.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of lobar pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate low lung volumes.  Cardiomedi
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No convincing evidence of pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  Nodular opacification in the left upper zone is again seen. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a right chest Port-A-Cath, with the tip terminating at the cavoatrial junction.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and the lungs well-aerated and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Surgical material at the right lung apex after which resection is again seen.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: HEART SIZE IS TOP-NORMAL.  DESCENDING AORTA IS TORTUOUS, UNCHANGED.  A RIGHT UPPER LOBE SPICULATED NODULE IS ONLY PARTIALLY SEEN ON THE CURRENT CHEST RADIOGRAPH.  ASCENDING AORTA IS DILATED AS
['Findings: There is interval development of pneumomediastinum. There is large gaseous distention of the stomach.  There has also been interval development of pneumoperitoneum which is normal and consistent with known recent attempted PEG tube placement. Otherwise, the cardiac and mediastinal contours are grossly unchanged.  There are bilateral chronic appearing apical interstitial changes as present on prior examinations, of unclear clinical significance. Lung fields visualized are grossly unchanged from prior examination. There has been interval removal of NG tube. Impression: 1.  Interval development of pneumomediastinum. 2. Pneumoperitoneum, normal in amount and consistent with recent attempted PEG tube placement.  NOTIFICATION:  The above findings were discussed over the phone by Dr. ___ with ___, on ___ at 11:00, 5 minutes after discovery.', 'Findings: elsewhere or pulmonary vascular engorgement, cannot be attributed to edema. Impression: Cardiomegaly is mild to moderate. Thoracic aorta is generally large and tortuous. Lung volumes are low. Isolated interstitial abnormality left lower lung in the absence of findings elsewhere or pulmonary vascular engorgement, cannot be
['Findings: Single frontal view of the chest was obtained. The heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No displaced rib fracture. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable, and the pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Apart from mild atelectasis in the left lung base, no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated.  There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Impression: Mild left basilar atelectasis.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are normal in appearance.  Lungs are clear except for bilateral linear opacities that might potentially represent areas of atelectasis versus recurrent aspirations.  There is no pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Streaky opacity within the left lung base with suggestion of bronchiectasis and airway wall thickening is noted.  Right lung is clear.  No pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax is seen.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: Streaky left basilar opacity with suggestion of bronchiectasis and air wall thickening may be due to an infectious process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Previous pulmonary edema has resolved.  The heart is moderately enlarged.  Pulmonary vascular congestion is relatively mild.  Right PIC line ends in the upper-to-mid SVC.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  Lung volumes are extremely low with resulting bronchovascular crowding.  The heart is mildly enlarged without pulmonary edema.  There is no  pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Low lung volumes.  Mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right PICC line has been removed.  Moderate cardiomegaly persists.  No pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison to study of ___, there are better lung volumes. Atelectatic changes are again seen at the left base, though there is no evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are relatively low with bibasilar atelectasis, similar compared to prior.  There is no effusion or consolidation worrisome for pneumonia.  Probable calcified granulomas identified at the right lung base.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Median sternotomy wires are again notable for fracture of the superior most wire.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there are lower lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis most prominent on the left.  No evidence of acute focal pneumonia.  cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable, though there is some suggestion of increasing pulmonary vascular congestion.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Midline sternotomy wires again noted.  Previously noted right IJ central venous catheter is been
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  There is no consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion. Impression: Normal radiographic examination of the chest.  These findings were discussed with Dr. ___ at 3:30 p.m. on ___ by telephone.']
['Findings: Patient is status post aortic valve repair, with intact median sternotomy wires.  Compared with ___, there has been interval removal of a right-sided chest tube and endotracheal tube.  There is a tiny right apical pneumothorax, with no evidence of tension.  Small increase in heart size is related to interval removal of the endotracheal tube.  There is bibasilar atelectasis.  There is mild elevated pulmonary vascular congestion.  Pleural effusions are small if any.  No overt pulmonary edema.  A right-sided IJ catheter terminates at the cavoatrial junction. Impression: 1. Tiny right apical pneumothorax. 2. Mild elevated pulmonary vascular congestion, with small if any pleural effusions.  No overt pulmonary edema.  NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:35 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings:  Impression: Right internal jugular line is in the right atrium.  Cardiomegaly is substantial.  Bilateral pleural effusions are large.  Vascular congestion is
['Findings:  Impression: No relevant change as compared to the previous examination. No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Mild elongation of the descending aorta.  Normal a lateral radiograph.', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hila and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  There is no pneumothorax, focal consolidation, or pleural effusion.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion or pulmonary edema. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process. No pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  No radiopaque foreign body. 2.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Mild prominence of the ascending and descending aorta raise the possibility of underlying hypertension.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lungs are fully expanded and essentially clear.  Granulomatous calcifications are present in right hilar lymph nodes, and in
['Findings: Lungs are fully expanded and clear. No pleural abnormalities. Heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal.  A right sided PICC terminates in the upper SVC.  There is a probable healed anterior right fourth rib fracture. Impression: A right-sided PICC terminates in the upper SVC.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate prominent cardiac silhouette and unfolding of the thoracic aorta.  A left pectoral cardiac pacer/AICD appears stable in location, with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle.  There is no radiographic abnormality about the pacer to account for pain.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no pneumothorax, vascular congestion, or large effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable appearance of left pectoral pacer/AICD.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Dual lead from a new left pectraol ICD device course through the left transvenous approach and end at expected locations of right atrium and right ventricle respectively.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Mild-to-moderate enlarged heart is unchanged since at least ___.  Lungs are clear.', 'Findings: The right subclavian line with tip in the mid SVC is unchanged.  The
['Findings:  Impression: NG tube tip isin the stomach.  ET tube is in appropriate position.  Left subclavian catheter tip is in the mid SVC.  There is no evident pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiac size is normal.  .', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube terminates approximately 4.7 cm above the level of the carina.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiac silhouette is top-normal.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  Gaseous distention of the partially imaged stomach is noted. Impression: Endotracheal tube terminates approximately 4.7 cm above the level of the carina.']
["Findings: The heart size is top-normal.  Intrathoracic lymph node enlargement in subtle interstitial lung abnormalities are consistent with patient's known sarcoidosis.  There is new increased diffuse opacity overlying the left lung, with tenting of the diaphragm, consistent with left upper lobe collapse.  On the lateral view, there is an opacity anteriorly, with anterior displacement of the oblique fissure, also consistent with left upper lobe collapse.  There is no large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  New left upper lobe collapse.  This could be secondary to acute airway obstruction due to mucous plugging, clotted blood products,foreign body aspiration, or granulation tissue if the patient has sustained bronchial injury.  A chest CT or bronchoscopy is recommended for further evaluation.  2.  Intrathoracic lymph node enlargement and subtle interstitial lung abnormalities, consistent patient's known sarcoidosis.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  CT is recommended for further evaluation.  NOTIFICATION:  Findings were discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ by phone at 06:40
['Findings: Right middle and left lower lobe consolidations are new since ___.  A small left pleural effusion is also present.  No nodule or pneumothorax is present.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: Multifocal pneumonia in the right middle and left lower lobes with small left parapneumonic effusion.  Findings were discovered at 15:55 on ___ and communicated with Dr. ___ via telephone at 16:15.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are stable.  A retrocardiac opacity does not the hemidiaphragm silhouettes.  There is however a lower left lung opacity partially obscuring the left heart border.  The cardiomediastinal hilar contours are normal.  The pleural surfaces are normal.  Stable degenerative changes of thoracic spine. Impression: Left lower lung opacity, less likely a retrocardiac opacity, could represent atelectatic changes or in the appropriate clinical setting may represent a consolidation suggestive of pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:   Unsuccessful attempts were made to contact the referring physician.  Therefore, the impression impression above was entered by Dr. ___ on ___ at 14:36 into
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs remain clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Moderate hiatal hernia is again noted.  No acute osseous abnormality detected.  Surgical clips in the upper abdomen again seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were compared to previous exam from ___ and CT scan performed just before this exam.  The lungs are clear with focal consolidation or effusion.  Moderate sized hiatal hernia is noted.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Large hiatal hernia is seen with air-fluid level.  Patchy linear opacities in left mid to lower lung most likely represent atelectasis rather than consolidation due to infection.  No pleural effusion is seen.  There is no pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: Hiatal hernia and left mid to lower lung atelectasis.
['Findings:  Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
["Findings: Right lower lung atelectasis/scarring is seen  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The aorta is tortuous.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged.  No pulmonary edema is seen.  Surgical clips are noted projecting over the epigastrium.  Density projecting over the spine and may relate to known prostate osseous metastases. Impression: Right lower lung atelectasis/ scarring.  Density projecting over areas of the thoracic spine may relate to patient's known osseous metastases."]
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. No focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia are identified. There may be a small left pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.']
['Findings: There has been interval removal of a right-sided chest tube.  Postsurgical changes are noted on the right.  There is associated subcutaneous emphysema noted along the soft tissues of the right thorax.  There is mild left lower lobe atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or frank pulmonary edema is seen.  The heart size is normal.  Mediastinal contours are normal.  No bony abnormality is detected. Impression: 1. No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.  2. Status post interval removal of a right-sided chest tube with adjacent subcutaneous emphysema.', 'Findings: Right chest tube is in place, with a tiny right lateral pneumothorax.  Focal increased opacity is present in the right mid lung region adjacent to surgical chain sutures likely representing a combination of post-operative contusion and atelectasis.  Additional foci of atelectasis are present at both lung bases.  Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits for technique.  Subcutaneous emphysema is noted in the right chest wall. Impression
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  No acute osseous abnormalities seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Azygos fissure is incidentally noted. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Right basal atelectasis present, concerning for potential CT existence of atelectasis and pneumonia.  No pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs remain clear of confluent consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits given relatively low inspiratory effort.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded and are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute chest abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  No subdiaphragmatic free air is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: There is a faint opacity overlying the right lower lobe which is likely present of atelectasis.  Otherwise, the lungs are clear with no evidence of a consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute fractures are identified. Impression: Faint opacity overlying the right lower lobe which is likely representative of atelectasis.  However, pneumonia must be excluded in the proper clinical setting.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the current image shows no evidence of pneumonia.  Coronary stent in situ.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal appearance of the lung parenchyma.  No pleural effusions.  No mediastinal abnormalities. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process']
["Findings: Portable AP upright chest radiograph ___ at 09:58 is submitted. Impression: Lung volumes remain low with patchy bibasilar opacities suggestive of atelectasis, although pneumonia cannot be excluded.  Small associated left pleural effusion.  Pulmonary vascular crowding due to low lung volumes with no overt pulmonary edema.  No obvious pneumothorax, although the patient's mandible obscures part of the apices.  Interval removal of the right internal jugular central line.", 'Findings:  Impression: There are persistent low lung volumes with increasing left lower lobe opacities this opacities could be atelectasis but superimposed infection cannot be excluded.  Mild vascular congestion is improved.  Cardiomegaly cannot be assessed.  There is no evident pneumothorax.  Right IJ catheter tip is in the right atrium.  Sternal wires are aligned']
['Findings:  Impression: Interval improvement in airspace opacities within the right perihilar/upper and middle lobe and left mid and lower lobe suggestive of an improving pneumonia.  Small left pleural effusion.  Bilateral large pulmonary arteries consistent with known pulmonary arterial hypertension.  Coarsening of the interstitium bilaterally which likely reflects underlying small airways disease.  No pneumothorax.  Stable cardiac and mediastinal contours.  Interval removal of the right internal jugular central line.  No acute bony abnormality appreciated.', 'Findings: are concerning for pneumonia.  The right internal jugular line has been placed with its tip at the level of mid SVC.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates unremarkable cardiomediastinal and hilar contours.  On a background of interstitial edema, there are dense opacifications noted in the left lower lobe as well as within the lingula.  No opacification is noted in the right lung.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax present. Impression: Left lower lobe and ling
['Findings: There has been interval development of a moderate size right pleural effusion. Right basilar opacity could reflect atelectasis or infection. Heart size is difficult to assess given the presence of the pleural effusion but is likely unchanged and within normal limits. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged with tortuosity of the thoracic aorta again noted.  Left lung is clear. There is no pneumothorax. Multilevel degenerative changes along with levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine are re- demonstrated. Impression: Moderate sized right pleural effusion. Right basilar opacity could reflect atelectasis but infection cannot be completely excluded.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest radiographs:  Atelectasis in the left lower lobe helps to explain leftward mediastinal shift and downward displacement of the left hilus.  Left upper lung and right lung are clear.  There is no appreciable pleural effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are normal.  When feasible, conventional radiographs should be obtained to see if there is a need for CT scanning currently or followup eventually.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is again substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with triple-lumen pacer device in place. There is again increased opacification at the right base that is difficult to identify on the lateral view and could well represent a combination of chest wall deformity related to old injury and atelectatic changes.  In the appropriate clinical setting, it would be difficult to exclude superimposed pneumonia in this region.', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   Left chest wall pacer is unchanged.  Midline sternotomy wires are again noted.  The heart remains moderately enlarged.  There is mild congestion without frank pulmonary edema.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  No convincing signs of pneumonia.  Chronic right rib cage deformity is noted. Impression: Cardiomegaly with mild congestion.', 'Findings: A left-sided pacemaker with leads terminating in the right atrium, right ventricle and coronary sinus remain in unchanged position. The heart remains moderately enlarged.  Increased density at the right lung base is not clearly identified on the lateral view and may be partially due to overlying soft tissue, pulmonary
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change in severity of the mild to moderate pulmonary edema and of the mild to moderate cardiomegaly. The small left effusion is present in unchanged manner.', 'Findings:  Impression: There are persistent low lung volumes.  Retrocardiac opacities have increased consistent with increasing large pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis.  Cardiomegaly is stable.  Right lower lobe atelectasis are stable.  Right IJ catheter tip is in the cavoatrial junction.  ET tube is in standard position.  NG tube tip is out of view below the diaphragm.  There is mild vascular congestion', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison ___.  No relevant change.  Low lung volumes.  Mild to moderate cardiomegaly and mild to moderate pulmonary edema.  Bilateral areas of atelectasis, predominating on the left, accompanied by a small left pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.  Unchanged normal position of the right PICC line.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compare to prior chest radiographs, ___ through ___.
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of hemidiaphragms, consistent with chronic pulmonary disease.  No evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  The interstitial markings do not appear overly prominent, though CT would be necessary to evaluate for interstitial lung disease. The fourth sternal wire from the top is again broken. There is evidence of cervical fusion.', 'Findings: Hyperinflation suggests COPD.  There is minimal atelectasis at the lung bases. The descending aorta is tortuous.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Multiple right-sided rib deformities suggest remote prior fractures. Impression: 1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. COPD.', 'Findings: There is mild cardiomegaly and tortuosity of the aorta. There is hyperinflation of the lungs, suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  The lungs are clear.  There are no focal consolidations
['Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of consolidation.']
['Findings: Lung volumes remain slightly low.  No focal consolidation, edema, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart is top-normal in size, unchanged.  Aortic knob calcifications are mild.  Multilevel degenerative changes in the visualized spine are mild. Impression: No acute findings the chest.', 'Findings: Lungs are well inflated and grossly clear.  The heart is top-normal in size, unchanged. Aortic arch calcifications are again noted.  No pleural effusion, overt pulmonary edema, pneumothorax, or evidence of pneumonia is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There is minimal left base atelectasis.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is persistent blunting of the right costophrenic angle.  No large left pleural effusion is seen.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable. Impression: Stable blunting of the right costophrenic angle, may be due to underlying pleural thickening or trace pleural effusion.  No focal consolidation.'
['Findings: Lung volumes are low, causing bronchovascular crowding.  The heart is top-normal in size.  However, there is no pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.  The hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.  Top-normal heart size.']
['Findings: There is a moderate left-sided pleural effusion with associated opacity, probably due to atelectasis.  Similar but less striking findings are present on the right with a small effusion.  There is new prominence of the pulmonary vascularity, which appears mildly distended and indistinct suggesting mild vascular congestion.  The heart is again mildly enlarged.  The aortic arch is calcified. Impression: Findings suggesting mild pulmonary edema with pleural effusions.', 'Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated, consistent with known severe emphysema.  There is mild pulmonary edema.  There is an increased patchy opacity in the left lung base compared with prior exams, which is concerning for infection.  There is a small left-sided pleural effusion, similar to prior exam.  The previously seen right pleural effusion has resolved.  There is no pneumothorax.  There is cardiomegaly, unchanged from prior exam.  Surgical clips are seen in the upper mid abdomen. Impression: 1.  Patchy opacity in the left lung base, concerning for infection in the correct clinical setting.   2.  Mild pulmonary edema.  
['Findings: Stable surgical ___ throughout the left hemithorax, vascular clips, and intact median sternotomy wires.  There is a new opacity in the right lower lobe as well as a heterogenous opacity in the right upper lobe.  Bilateral small pleural effusions likely are noted.  No pulmonary edema is noted. Cardiac silhouette appears stable. Impression: New right lower lobe and right upper lobe opacities may be representative of a multifocal pneumonia.    These findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ ___ via telephone at 12:30 pm on ___.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is slightly improved ventilation of both lungs.  No focal parenchymal opacities have newly occurred.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema.  The ___ and sternal wires are in unchanged alignment. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The hemidiaphragm are well visualized; no subdiaphragmatic masses nor free air noted. Trachea is midline,carina is visualized. Mediastinal structures appear normal and are unchanged compared to prior study. Cardiac size is normal, cardiac borders are well visualized, the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. Bony structures appear normal without any evidence of acute fractures nor abnormality. Bilateral lung fields are clear without any opacities, nodules, nor consultation appreciated. Costophrenic angles are sharp and well visualized. Impression: Findings are stable and unchanged when compared to prior study from ___.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality noted.  Bilateral lung fields are clear without any opacities, nodules, nor consultation appreciated.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate slightly decreased lung volumes, resulting in prominence of the cardiac silhouette and bronchovascular crowding. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No pneumomediastinum is appreciated. The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of pneumomediastinum.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  No subdiaphragmatic free air is demonstrated. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  No subdiaphragmatic free air identified.', 'Findings: Single portable frontal chest radiograph demonstrates interval placement of a left chest tube with tip projecting between the left posterior sixth and seventh ribs. Sideports are intrathoracic in appropriate position.  The lungs are hypoinflated with vascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. New small left pleural effusion is present. No right pleural effusion. No
['Findings: Exam is limited secondary to portable technique and patient body habitus. Rretrocardiac opacity is likely at least in part technical due to poor penetration and is not well assessed. Elsewhere the lungs are clear. Cardiomegaly is again noted. Impression: Limited exam without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Again seen are multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules compatible with metastatic disease.  There is a small right-sided pleural effusion similar to prior.  There is no definite new consolidation.  Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is similar to prior.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  No definite acute osseous abnormality or fracture identified on this nondedicated exam. Impression: Metastatic disease and right pleural effusion, similar to prior.  No definite acute fracture on this nondedicated exam.  If desired, dedicated rib series could be performed.', 'Findings: Small right pleural effusion has apparently decreased in size, although positional differences may contribute to this apparent change.  There is associated improved aeration at the right lung base.  Diffuse bilateral pulmonary nodules and a right fourth anterior rib lesion are unchanged and consistent with known metastatic disease. Impression: ', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low, accentuating the cardiac silhouette and bronchovascular structures.  Widespread pulmonary metastases are new from ___, and have apparently increased in size since recent CTA of ___. 
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is noted.  Moderate scoliosis.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal lung volumes.  No pneumonia, no pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax. There is no pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: Normal radiographs of the chest.']
['Findings: Single portable AP upright radiograph demonstrates hyperinflated lungs and flattening of bilateral diaphragm most consistent with emphysematous changes.  Heart size is slightly enlarged.  There is no evidence of hilar adenopathy.  There is no large pleural effusion.  Opacities which project over the right lower lung zone are suspicious for an infectious process.  There is no evidence of pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.  Biapical pleural parenchymal scarring is mild.  Osseous structures and imaged upper abdomen are without an acute abnormality. Impression: Opacities project over the right lower lung zone worrisome for infectious process.  Emphysematous changes']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided.  Hardware is noted in the cervicothoracic junction.  Lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Atherosclerotic calcification at the aortic arch.  Bony structures intact. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  A subtle tiny opacity in the right lung base could represent a very early pneumonic consolidation.  Otherwise, the lungs are clear.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Subtle small opacity in the right lower lung is concerning for an early pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are obtained.  Patient is slightly rotated to her left.  The lungs appear clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal and stable.  Bony structures appear intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Since a recent radiograph of ___, pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema have nearly resolved.  Cardiomediastinal contours are stable.  Apparently partially loculated left pleural effusion has increased in size with adjacent atelectasis in the left mid and lower lung.  No other relevant changes.', 'Findings: Mild interstitial pulmonary edema, possible small left pleural effusion, and mild bibasilar atelectasis are seen. The heart is moderately enlarged.No pneumothorax. Impression: 1. Mild interstitial pulmonary edema, possible small left pleural effusion, and mild bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  No pulmonary edema or pulmonary venous congestion.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lung fields are clear. There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No pleural effusion.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Low lung volumes exaggerate the severity of mild cardiomegaly increased slightly since ___. Lungs are clear, pulmonary vasculature is normal and pleural surfaces are unremarkable. Degenerative osteophytes are present throughout the thoracic spine.']
["Findings: Of note, the patient's hair overlies the right lung apex obscuring detailed visualization in this region.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  There is no consolidation, effusion or edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic arch.  Compression deformity of a lower thoracic vertebral body is noted, age indeterminate. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Age-indeterminate lower thoracic vertebral body height loss."]
['Findings: The right heart border is not clearly identified, and there is a faint right basilar opacity.  There is also minimal left basilar atelectasis.  No large focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax detected.  Mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: Faint medial right basilar opacity may represent developing infection, in the correct clinical setting.  No pneumothorax or effusions detected.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Bony structures appear within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: A right-sided port catheter is seen with its tip terminating at the cavoatrial junction.  The heart is normal in size. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear with no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Note is made of the left breast implant. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: No previous images.  The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no vascular congestion or definite acute focal pneumonia. Hazy opacification projected over the left hemithorax on the lateral view could represent a breast prosthesis. Several nodular opacifications are suggested at the right base and there may be some lymphadenopathy and possible larger nodule projected just below the left hilum.  If further imaging is necessary, CT would be the next procedure.', 'Findings: In comparison with prior study, lung volumes are lower and increasing bibasilar opacities likely represent atelectasis. Allowing for differences in technique and positioning, cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  There is no large effusion or pneumoth
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are clear. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Substantial consolidation of the right lower and right middle lobe is likely atelectatic in the post-operative setting; however, infection cannot be excluded.  A component of pleural effusion may possibly add to this right lower lung consolidation.  The right lung apex and left lung are clear.  There is no pneumothorax.  The right heart border is partially obscured by the adjacent consolidation; however, the heart size is likely normal with normal mediastinal and hilar contours. Impression: Right middle lobe and right lower lobe consolidation with a possible component of pleural effusion, which is likely atelectatic in the post-operative setting; however, infection cannot be excluded given the appropriate clinical circumstance.']
['Findings: The lungs are well-expanded.  Pulmonary vascular enlargement is stable compared to the prior study.  Small left pleural effusion has resolved. The heart is markedly enlarged, similar compared to the prior, allowing for differences in technique.  A left chest wall Port-A-Cath terminates at the cavoatrial junction, unchanged.  There is no pneumothorax or focal consolidation. Impression: No acute change since the prior study.  Left pleural effusion has resolved.', 'Findings: The heart is severely enlarged and is slightly larger than on the prior study. There is hazy alveolar infiltrates in both lower lobes for increased compared to prior.  The left CP angle is obscured and is likely a small left effusion.  The left subclavian line is unchanged Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Left subclavian infusion port catheter ends in the region of the superior cavoatrial junction. Heart size is top- normal. Both hilar mildly enlarged. Lower pole the right hilus if it is inseparable from possible consolidation or nodule in the right lower lobe.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  RECOM
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is top normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: Heart size top normal.  No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: The lung volumes are low.  Within the limitations of technique, the cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  The patient is status post posterior the thoracolumbar fusion.  Fracture and displacement of pedicle screws is noted at the uppermost level with increased degree of retraction since the prior study. Impression: 1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  2.  Some interval retraction of pedicle screws at the uppermost level of prior posterior thoracolumbar fusion, although already fractured previously.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___ and ___.  The upper paramedian chest has a very abnormal appearance, suggesting either a very large esophageal hernia or prior esophagectomy and gastric pull-up surgery or hilar or lung masses, mucoid impactions or fissural pleural fluid loculations.  Unfortunately the explanation is not clarified by the lateral view and CT scanning is recommended if the accurate clinical history is not known.  Thickening of the left lateral costal pleural margin and deformity of the adjacent ribs suggest prior trauma, perhaps recent.  Heart is moderately enlarged.  I do not see pneumonia or pulmonary edema and pleural effusion if any is small.  No pneumothorax.  Left PIC line ends in the mid SVC.', 'Findings:  Impression: No comparison.  Moderate scoliosis.  Low lung volumes.  Moderate cardiomegaly with retrocardiac atelectasis.  Soft tissue density at the upper parts of the right hilus, that should be further clarified by CT to exclude the presence of a hilar process.  No larger pleural effusions.  Moderate tortuosity of the descending aort
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the lungs are well expanded and clear.  A slight contour abnormality is noted posterior to the left ventricle on the lateral view, in the expected location of the inferior vena cava.  Otherwise, the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  The heart is normal in size.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, pulmonary edema, or focal airspace consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Contour abnormality along the inferior heart border, posterior to the left ventricle on the lateral view, is likely due to pericardial cyst or herniation of subdiaphragmatic fat.  Correlation with prior chest radiographs is recommended if available.  If no prior imaging is available, follow up PA and lateral radiographs are recommended in 3 months to ensure stability.']
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.']
['Findings: No previous images.  Cardiac silhouette is within upper limits of normal in size.  There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion, pleural effusion, acute focal pneumonia, or interstitial prominence. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No displaced fractures identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Consider dedicated rib series for further evaluation.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiac silhouette is top-normal, likely exaggerated by AP portable technique. Mediastinal contours unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen.  There is no evidence of free air beneath the diaphragms. Impression: No evidence of free air beneath the diaphragms.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Midline sternotomy wires are again noted.  The lungs are hyperinflated suggestive of underlying COPD.  No signs of pneumonia or CHF.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Heart and mediastinal contour appear normal.  Bony structures appear intact.  No free air is seen below the right hemidiaphragm.  The reported pulmonary nodules are not clearly seen on this chest radiograph. Impression: Markedly hyperinflated lungs compatible with COPD.  No signs of pneumonia or other acute superimposed process.']
['Findings: There relatively low lung volumes.  Prominence of the interstitial markings bilaterally suggests interstitial edema.Persistent medial left base retrocardiac opacity on the frontal view may be due to tortuous aorta or hiatal hernia.  Streaky basilar opacity on the lateral view may represent atelectasis although infection is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.  No focal consolidation is seen elsewhere.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: Streaky basilar opacity on the lateral view may represent atelectasis but infection is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.  Prominence of the interstitial markings bilaterally suggests mild interstitial edema.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are slightly low, which may contribute to vascular crowding in the lung bases.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs are grossly clear. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear (a potential spine sign on the initial lateral radiograph clears with better inspiration on the second view). There is no evidence of pneumonia, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette is normal in size. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities identified Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion, or
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Since ___, mild pulmonary edema has further improved, and persisting right infrahilar and left lower lung opacities, either represents residual edema and/or infection. Further clinical correlation is need and should be appropriately followed up on radiograph to monitor resolution. Paradoxic to improved pulmonary edema, bilateral, small, pleural effusions are new.  Upper lungs are clear.  Heart size is normal, mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size.  Pulmonary vascular engorgement persists, but previously demonstrated pulmonary edema has substantially improved with residual asymmetrical hazy perihilar opacities, worse on the right than the left as well as a few scattered bilateral septal lines.  Small pleural effusions are not appreciably changed. Impression: ', 'Findings: might reflect improved aspiration/pulmonary edema, the current focal nature is highly concerning for infectious process and should be further monitored. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Prominence of the right upper mediastinum is unchanged dating back to ___, thus likely benign. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise normal. No acute fracture is identified.  Mild compression deformities in the lower thoracic spine are unchanged from ___. Note, subtle nondisplaced fractures can be missed by chest radiography. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No evidence of a fracture. Although no acute fracture or other chest wall lesion is seen, conventional chest radiographs are not sufficient for detection or characterization of such abnormalities. If the demonstration of a fracture or other trauma is clinically warranted, the location where there are focal findings should be clearly marked and imaged with either bone detail views or CT scanning.']
['Findings: Cardiac size is normal.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality']
['Findings: Single portable view of the chest is compared to previous exam from ___.  There are predominantly perihilar parenchymal opacities, right greater than left likely dur to pulmonary edema.  Mild blunting is seen at the left costophrenic angle which is new from prior.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema, tiny left plerual effusion.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  Moderate cardiomegaly is noted.  Triple lead pacing device is seen with lead tips within the coronary sinus, right ventricular apex and right atrium.  Atherosclerotic calcifications are noted in the aorta.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.No pleural abnormality is seen.  Tip of the nasogastric tube projects below the diaphragm, likely within the stomach. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Satisfactory position of nasogastric tube.']
['Findings:  Impression: Previous interstitial pulmonary abnormality has resolved and there is no pneumonia, but the heart is still mildly enlarged. There is no pleural abnormality.  Patient is reported to be asthmatic and has had previous exacerbations of asthma suggesting possibility of hypersensitivity pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is top-normal, stable.  Mediastinum is stable.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Lateral view demonstrate increased opacity posteriorly that might potentially be related to low lung volumes, does repeated radiograph with full inspiration is recommended.', 'Findings: Given slightly low lung volumes, the lungs appear clear.  Cardiac size is within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.  The lateral view is limited due to overlying soft tissues and the low lung volumes.  L-shaped metallic density along with 2 other small densities, one projecting right of the trachea the other near the left shoulder are presumed to be external to the patient. Impression: 1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2. L
['Findings:  Impression: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  There is tortuosity of thoracic aorta.  There are no focal consolidations, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. There are no pneumothoraces.', 'Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated with mild flattening of the diaphragm, compatible with COPD.  No focal consolidation is identified.  There is again tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  No evidence of pulmonary edema or pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.  The heart size is unchanged. Wedge compression fracture of low thoracic vertebral body is better seen on lateral view. Impression: Hyperinflated lungs with flattening of the diaphragm, compatible with COPD.  No focal consolidation identified.']
['Findings: Patient is kyphotic which slightly limits assessment.  Heart size appears mild to moderately enlarged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are grossly unremarkable.  Low lung volumes results in crowding of bronchovascular structures without pulmonary edema.  Minimal patchy opacities in the lung bases likely reflect areas atelectasis without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Impression: Low lung volumes with mild bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has received a Dobbhoff catheter.  The tip projects over the middle parts of the stomach.  There is no complication, notably no pneumothorax.  Otherwise', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is top-normal.  There is mild dilatation of the mediastinum.  There is questionable right lower lobe opacity concerning for aspiration versus infection.  No appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.', 'Findings: Compared to ___ and allowing for differences in positioning, I doubt significant interval change.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is prominent, but probably similar, allowing for differences in technique.  There is upper zone redistribution, without CHF, unchanged.  There are subtle patchy opacities at both lung bases, which appear similar to the prior study.  No progression in these areas to suggest developing aspiration pneumonitis or pneumonia is identified.  No frank consolidation or gross effusion is identified. Impression: Doubt significant interval change.  Please see comment above.']
['Findings:  Impression: Significantly mproved pulmonary edema with no focal opacification concerning for pneumonia.  Persistent left perihilar and right lung base opacities may reflect minimal residual edema/small effusion respectively or artifact given exam limitations. Suggest repeat chest radiograph after further diuresis.', 'Findings: Single frontal view of the chest demonstrates patient rotated to the right.  There is a right pectoral pacemaker AICD with at least three leads terminating in the right atrium, right ventricle, and what appears to be coronary sinus.  The cardiac silhouette is prominent, but unchanged.  There is mild unfolding of the descending aorta.  Atherosclerotic calcification is seen in the aortic arch.  There is new perihilar interstitial edema. More confluent opacity at the right base could be a combination of edema, atelectasis, and a small effusion, or, alternatively pneumonia. Impression: New pulmonary edema and small right pleural effusion with concurrent atelectasis. Suggest followup radiograph after treatment of heart failure to evaluate possible right lower lobe pneumonia.']
['Findings: Small nodular opacities in the right base is concerning for pneumonia.  Small right pleural effusions is seen.  The left lung is mostly clear.  Heart and mediastinal vein are enlarged compared to prior. Right-sided pacemaker is unchanged in position with leads in standard position. Impression: 1. Right lower lobe pneumonia with small right pleural effusion.  Follow-up radiograph in 6 weeks following antibiotic therapy is recommended. 2. Enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette, possibly due to volume overload, right heart failure or pericardial effusion.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Right lower lobe pneumonia with small right pleural effusion. Follow-up radiograph in 6 weeks following antibiotic therapy is recommended.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the ___ ___ at 6:07 PM, 20 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: Cardiac size is normal. Unusual appearance of the AP window is more conspicuous than before. Patient has known mediastinal and hilar lymphadenopathy better seen in prior CT. Biapical opacities larger on the left side are unchanged due to
['Findings:  Impression: No comparison.  The lung volumes are normal.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without evidence of pneumonia or pulmonary edema.  Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours.  Known healed right rib fracture. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding portable chest examination of ___.  The heart size is at the upper limit of normal variation.  There is a mild prominence of the left ventricular contour, but no other configurational abnormalities are seen.  Thoracic aorta mildly widened and elongated but no local contour abnormalities are present.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  No signs of acute or chronic parenchymal infiltrates are present and the lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free.  No acute parenchymal infiltrates are present.  There is a mild degree of right-sided diaphragmatic elevation.  A finding, however, which existed already on the preceding portable chest examination.  Skeletal structures of the thorax grossly within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiovascular or pulmonary abnormalities on standard PA and lateral chest view.  Previously existing left lower lobe atelectasis and suspicious pleural effusion is not present anymore.', 'Findings: AP upright portable view of the chest demonstrates low lung volumes.  Left pleural effusion is noted.  Retro
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal opacity, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate well-expanded and clear lungs.  Heart is normal in size and cardiomediastinal contour is unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  Lungs are clear.  There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  The bilateral parenchymal opacities, diffusely distributed in the lungs, have increased in extent and severity.  The opacities are more severe on the left than on the right.  Moderate cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema persists.  No larger pleural effusions.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there again are low lung volumes that accentuate the transverse diameter of the heart.  Continued pulmonary edema on with more focal area of opacification in the left mid zone that is worrisome for superimposed pneumonia.  Central catheter is unchanged. There is again dilatation of what appears to be gas - filled stomach, for which a nasogastric tube might prove helpful. Evidence of previous cervical spinal surgery is again seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: No pneumothorax.  Small left pleural effusion is new.  Heterogeneous opacification in the lower lungs is substantially atelectasis, given the much lower lung volumes today than in ___, but mild pulmonary edema is present and concurrent pneumonia is a real possibility.  Heart is top-normal
['Findings: were discussed over the telephone with Dr. ___. Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change.  The lung volumes are normal.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours.  There is no evidence for the presence of pneumonia, pulmonary edema or pleural effusion.  A minimal area of pleural thickening at the level of the right lung apex is stable as compared to ___.  NOTIFICATION:  As requested the right ___ was delivered and the findings were discussed over the telephone with Dr. ___.', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema identified. The heart size is normal.  Mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There has been interval improvement in the appearance of the lingular infiltrate.  There still some streaky opacities in this region.  However, there is a new area of increased opacity in the right lower lobe medially which may represent a new developing infiltrate Impression: Improved appearance of the lingular infiltrate but worsened appearance of the medial right lower lobe',
['Findings: Cardiac size is normal.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality']
['Findings: There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. The bones are intact. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded appear clear without evidence of focal consolidation.  There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process']
['Findings:  Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis.  No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: There is a moderate right pleural effusion resulting in obscuration of the right heart border.  There is, however, evidence of at least mild-to-moderate cardiomegaly as well as pulmonary vascular congestion, and moderate to severe bilateral pulmonary edema.There is a small left pleural effusion as well as an adjacent focal consolidation.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Moderate right pleural effusion. Small left pleural effusion.  2.  Opacification at the left lung base likely secondary to atelectasis; however, an acute infectious process cannot be excluded.  3.  Moderate to severe bilateral pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were viewed.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  Vasculature is within normal limits.  There is no free air under diaphragm. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is again bilateral hilar and subcarinal adenopathy consistent with the clinical diagnosis of sarcoidosis. No evidence of acute pneumonia of or development of interstitial prominence.', 'Findings: There is bilateral mediastinal and hilar adenopathy, more pronounced on the right side than left side.  There  are diffuse parenchymal nodular opacities bilaterally.  There is no definite change in the degree of adenopathy or degree of nodular opacities from chest radiograph ___.  Median sternotomy wires are in place.  The lung volumes are normal. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  There is no pneumonia, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: Mediastinal and hilar adenopathy with parenchymal nodular densities.  There is no definite change in the degree of adenopathy from chest radiograph ___.  For assessment of subtle changes in adenopathy, chest CT is recommended.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change.  Unchanged correct lead position.  No pneumothorax.  Moderate scoliosis of the thoracic spine, mild asymmetry of the ribcage.  No pulmonary edema.  Unchanged appearance of the cardiac silhouette.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is top-normal is overall unremarkable. There are extensive interstitial changes within the lungs, left more than right involving both apex and lower lobes with honeycomb being and potentially traction bronchiectasis, reflecting known fibrosis.  No new abnormalities to suggest interval development of infectious process demonstrated. Postradiation changes in the left upper lobe are re- demonstrated.', 'Findings: Heterogeneous opacities in the left lower lobe are highly concerning for pneumonia.  Left apical scarring/bronchiectasis was seen on prior CT from ___.  The right lung is clear.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal contours are normal.  There are no pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine are noted.  There is a right-sided pacemaker with associated right atrial and right ventricular leads. Impression: 1. Left lower lobe pneumonia.  2. Mild cardiomegaly.  Impression point #1 was discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ at 12:08 p.m. via telephone on the day of
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  No definite consolidative opacity is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The pulmonary arteries are noted to be prominent. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise unremarkable.  A right-sided central line is seen terminating in the cavoatrial junction. Impression: No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.  See concurrent CT chest for further evaluation.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have increased, likely reflecting improved ventilation. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Borderline diameter of the hilar vascular structures.  The Dobbhoff catheter has been advanced.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.']
["Findings: AP upright portable chest radiograph provided.  The patient's chin projects over the lung apices and superior mediastinum limiting assessment.  The previously noted left IJ central venous catheter is not visualized nor is the previously visualize right upper extremity access PICC line.  Chronic right rib cage deformity again noted.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with a markedly unfolded thoracic aorta.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: PICC line not visualized.  Left IJ central venous catheter not visualized.  Limited exam due to patient's chin projecting over the upper chest.", "Findings: Slightly suboptimal study as the patient is rotated and the patient's mandible projects over the upper lung.  Nonetheless, a left-sided PICC terminates in the mid SVC.  A nasogastric tube terminates in the stomach. Limited visualization of the lung parenchyma is grossly unchanged compared to the prior study.  There is moderate cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion and left lower lobe atelectasis. Impression: The nasogastric tube terminates in the stomach.", 'Findings: As compared
['Findings: Note is made of severe dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine as well as apparent fusion of several thoracic vertebral bodies and deformities of adjacent ribs presumably post traumatic, not significantly changed from the prior study. A retrocardiac opacity seen best on lateral view could possibly represent atelectasis however consolidation is also possible. The right lung appears clear. Again seen is opacity along the right hilum, not significantly changed in size from prior study. Impression: Retrocardiac opacity may represent combination of atelectasis, effusion or possibly infectious consolidation.  Opacity along the right hilus is not changed from the prior study, however further evaluation with non-urgent CT is recommended for further characterization of these findings.', 'Findings: A single portable AP upright view of the chest was obtained.  There is a moderate-sized left pleural effusion and adjacent compressive atelectasis; however, pneumonia is not excluded. Rounded opacity along the right hilus may represent a mass. There is pulmonary vascular engorgement without pulmonary edema.  Severe dextroconvex thoracic scoliosis is noted.  There is no left effusion or pneumothorax. 
['Findings: Single portable view of the chest.  Bibasilar opacities are compatible with pleural effusions and likely associated atelectasis.  Superiorly the lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality detected. Impression: Bilateral pleural effusions with associated atelectasis noting that infection cannot be excluded.', 'Findings: Comparison is made to previous study from ___.  There is an endotracheal tube, right-sided IJ line and feeding tube which are unchanged in position and appropriately sited.  There are again seen large bilateral pleural effusions and parenchymal opacities throughout both lung fields.  This is stable. There is likely an overlying element of fluid overload. There are no pneumothoraces.  Overall, there has been no significant change allowing for differences in patient positioning. Impression: ', 'Findings: Left internal jugular vascular catheter tip terminates in the midline position in the left brachiocephalic vein, tip of endotracheal tube terminates 5 cm above the carina, and right internal jugular central venous catheter terminates in the
['Findings: The lungs are clear.The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.No pleural abnormality is seen.  Retrocardiac opacity may be a hiatal hernia, unchanged since ___. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Chest, PA and lateral radiographs demonstrate unremarkable mediastinal and hilar contours.  Heart size is normal.  Faint rounded opacity is identified projecting over the left lateral border of the heart may represents nipple shadow.  However, there appears to be a somewhat nodular density in the breast on the lateral views which appears deep to the nipple.  No opacification concerning for pneumonia identified.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax evident.  No osseous abnormality identified, though multilevel degenerative changes are present. Impression: Nodular density projecting over the left lateral border the heart of unclear etiology may correspond with a nodular density that appears deep to the nipple within the left breast on lateral view.  While finding could relate to the nipple, there may be a density deeper to it.  Please correlate with mammography.  Mammogram from ___ does not demonstrate a nodular density in the
['Findings: Moderate right pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis is re- demonstrated.  It is difficult to exclude a right base consolidation.  No focal consolidation or pleural effusion is seen on the left.  There is no pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette remains enlarged.  Mediastinal contours are stable. Impression: Moderate right pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis, similar in appearance compared the prior study.  Right base opacity may be due to combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis, but underlying consolidation is not excluded.  Persistent enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is a layering right pleural effusion, small to moderate in size with associated compressive lower lobe atelectasis.  Difficult to exclude an underlying pneumonia.  The left lung is clear.  Hila appear somewhat congested.  No overt pulmonary edema.  The heart is moderately enlarged.  Mediastinal contour is normal.  Imaged osseous structures appear intact. Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly with hilar congestion and moderate right pleural effusion.  Compressive right
['Findings: The patient has a known posterior right eighth rib fracture, not well depicted on these views.  Again seen is pigtail catheter overlying the right upper lung, with platelike subsegmental atelectasis at the right base, essentially unchanged.  A tiny right apical pneumothorax appears to be present, very slightly larger than on the prior study.  Otherwise, I doubt significant interval change.  Subsegmental atelectasis at the left base is again also noted. Impression: Right upper zone pigtail catheter in place, with subsegmental atelectasis the right lung base, similar to prior.  There is a tiny right apical pneumothorax, very slightly larger than on the prior study.', 'Findings: Compared with earlier the same day, no gross pneumothorax is identified.  The possibility of a tiny right apical or anterior pneumothorax cannot be entirely excluded.  Otherwise, no significant interval change.  Again seen is a pigtail catheter overlying the right upper lung and bibasilar atelectasis.  The right costophrenic angle is not well visualized and could be slightly blunted due to a small amount of
['Findings: There is interval placement of Dobhoff tube with a guidewire still in place.  This tube terminating well in the stomach.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Lung volumes are low, but there is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. Bibasilar atelectasis is mild.  The upper abdomen is unremarkable in appearance. Impression: Interval placement of a Dobhoff tube with tip terminating in the stomach.  Overall unchanged appearance otherwise with low lung volumes and mild bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: Single upright AP view of the chest.  No prior.  Lungs are grossly clear.  Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Mild cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there are slightly better lung volumes.  The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.  The PICC line has been removed. Impression: ', 'Findings: Comparison is made to previous study from ___.  There is a right IJ central venous line whose distal tip is at the mid SVC.  There are no pneumothoraces.  There is again seen a large area of consolidation within the right lung at its mid and lower portion.  This is consistent with pneumonia and appears relatively stable since the previous study.  The left lung is relatively well aerated.  There are no pneumothoraces. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Comparison is made to prior study from ___.  There has been development of airspace opacities within the body of the right lung.  These findings are suspicious for aspiration pneumonia given the clinical history.  Left lung is relatively clear.  There is a right IJ central venous line with distal lead tip in the distal SVC.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. Imp
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the cardiac silhouette remains at the upper limits of normal in size. Mild indistinctness of pulmonary vessels is consistent with some elevation of pulmonary venous pressure. Opacification at the left base with silhouetting of the hemidiaphragm most likely reflect pleural effusion and volume loss in the lower lobes. However, in the appropriate clinical setting, superimposed pneumonia would have to be seriously considered.', 'Findings:  Impression: No previous images. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no definite vascular congestion. Increased opacification at the left base with obscuration of the hemidiaphragm could represent merely pleural fluid and volume loss, though in the appropriate clinical setting superimposed pneumonia at the left base would have to be seriously considered.']
['Findings: Lungs are well inflated and clear except for 7 mm radiopaque nodule in the lower lobes which is likely a small granuloma.  There is no pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: There are no signs of consolidation or occult cardiopulmonary processes.  A small granuloma in the lower lobes. Finding were reported to PCP by Dr. ___ at 11.___ am.', 'Findings:  Impression: There is little change and no evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Specifically, no evidence of acute or old tuberculous disease.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Subtle increased opacity at the retrocardiac lung base (spine sign) could be due to atelectasis, although a right base consolidation cannot be entirely excluded.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  Multiple surgical clips are seen overlying the right axilla and right lower hemithorax. Impression: ']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Patchy opacities within the lung bases likely reflect areas of atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Patchy bibasilar opacities, likely atelectasis.  Early infection, however, is not completely excluded in the correct clinical setting.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Nasogastric tube passes into the stomach and out of view.  New hazy opacification in left lower lung zone concerning for pneumonia due to aspiration.  Right lung grossly clear.  Heart size normal.  ET tube in standard placement.  Previously questioned right upper lobe lung nodule is not visible on this examination.  ___ ___ was paged.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Heterogeneous opacification in the left lung has worsened suggesting progressive pneumonia.  Right lung clear.  Heart size normal.  Ascending thoracic aorta is dilated or tortuous, but unchanged since at least ___. ET tube is in standard placement and a nasogastric tube passes below the diaphragm and out of view.  No pneumothorax or appreciable pleural effusion.', 'Findings: An endotracheal tube terminates at the thoracic inlet.  There is a nasogastric tube but it terminates at the level of the mid mediastinum.  Since its proximal course does not correspond
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the position of the right PICC line is unchanged.  Clips and sternal wires are constant.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.']
['Findings: Portable AP upright chest film ___ at 23:12 is submitted. Impression: Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.  The lungs appear well inflated without evidence of focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  No pulmonary edema.  No free intraperitoneal air.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen.  The right chest tube is in unchanged position.  Unchanged right apical consolidation.  Widespread bilateral parenchymal opacities are constant in extent and severity.  No new opacities.  Unchanged monitoring and support devices.', 'Findings: Compared to the prior study there is no significant interval change. Impression: No change.', 'Findings: No definite interval radiographic change. Inspiratory volumes are low, similar to the prior study.  Again seen are extensive opacities throughout both lungs. More confluent opacity at the right lung apex is again noted, similar to the prior study.  There could be very slight interval improvement in the left mid-zone, but any differences quite minimal.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is obscured by the parenchymal findings, but not clearly changed.  Again noted is a tracheostomy tube, right IJ line with tip over proximal/mid SVC and a left-sided PICC line, with tip over mid SVC. Impression: Extensive opacities in both lungs again noted.  Possible
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Previously noted consolidation in the anterior segment of the left upper lobe has improved when compared to the prior study, with residual opacity noted, compatible with improving pneumonia.  Heart size is difficult to assess given the presence of a moderate left and small right bilateral pleural effusions.  The effusion on the left has increased in size while the effusion on the right appears relatively unchanged.  There is associated bibasilar atelectasis.  The mediastinal contours are stable.  New ill-defined opacification within the left apex may reflect a new area of infection.  The pulmonary vascularity is not engorged.  No acute osseous abnormality is seen and there is no pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Residual opacity in the left anterior segment of the left upper lobe is compatible with improving pneumonia.  2.  New ill -defined opacification within the left lung apex may reflect a new site of infection.  3.  Slight increase in size of the moderate sized left pleural effusion, and slight interval decrease in size of small right pleural effusion compared to the prior radiograph.  There is associated bib
['Findings:  Impression: Probable background COPD.  Cardiomegaly with CHF and interstitial edema, probably somewhat improved.  No gross effusion or definite focal consolidation.', 'Findings:  Impression: A series of 3 sequential frontal chest radiographs starting at 17:55 show progressive advancement of the Dobbhoff feeding tube to the lower esophagus. The first image in the series shows the tip of the feeding tube projecting in the midline over both the upper esophagus and the left main bronchus and on the frontal view alone I cannot tell whether the tube is in the airway or the esophagus. Mild pulmonary edema has worsened since ___. Severe cardiomegaly is unchanged. Pleural effusion is small if any. Left internal jugular central venous catheter ends in the low SVC on all 3 images. There is no pneumothorax.', "Findings: could represent a developing pneumonia or aspiration, less likely atelectasis.  Clinical correlation is advised and close followup imaging should be considered.   The pulmonary vasculature also appears cephalized suggesting underlying pulmonary venous hypertension.  No pleural effusions.  Left
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  In particular, there is no displaced rib fracture identified.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Obscuration of the right heart border is likely related to pectus excavatum as opposed to an infiltrate.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal.  There are no pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine is redemonstrated. Impression: No acute cardiac or pulmonary process.  Specifically, no findings to suggest right middle lobe pneumonia.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are normal.  There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified.  No subdiaphragmatic free air. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral images of the chest were obtained with the patient in the upright position.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There are some atelectatic changes at both lung bases.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.  There is slight elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Unremarkable chest radiograph with some atelectatic changes at the bases and a slightly elevated right hemidiaphragm.']
['Findings: No previous images.  The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged with left ventricular configuration.  No vascular congestion or pleural effusion or acute focal pneumonia.  No evidence of hilar or mediastinal lymphadenopathy or splenic enlargement. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is seen.  There is mild bronchovascular crowding at the right lower lung base.  The heart size is in the upper limit of normal.  Mediastinal contours are normal.  There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.  Findings were communicated with Dr.___ ___ telephone at time of observation at 3:19pm on ___.', "Findings: A portable frontal chest radiograph again demonstrates a lobulated mass in the inferior right perihilar region, which is unchanged.  Increased opacity in the lateral right mid lung is new and concerning for pneumonia.  A retrocardiac opacity, likely atelectasis, is unchanged.  Multiple lung nodules seen on recent CT chest are
['Findings: Lung volumes are increased, likely due to clinically suspected COPD.  Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Possible mild bronchial wall thickening is seen in the perihilar regions, best visualized on the lateral view.  No pleural effusion.  Bones are demineralized, and note is made of scoliosis and degenerative changes in the spine. Impression: 1.  Overinflated lungs and bronchial wall thickening, findings which could be due to chronic bronchitis in the setting of a history of smoking and chronic cough.  2.  No acute pulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: could represent rapid progression of  disease in this region versus focal infection.  2. No evidence of pleural effusion.  3. Right Port-A-Cath terminating at the cavoatrial junction versus high right  atrium.  C. Hostage p___ 23:37. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)  IND
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are normal. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lung volumes are low. There is thickening of the right paratracheal stripe which raises concern for lymphadenopathy. No focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The heart size is within normal limits. The bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: 1. Thickened right paratracheal stripe raises concern for lymphadenopathy. Consider CT chest for further evaluation. 2. No pneumonia.']
['Findings: Large consolidation in the lateral aspect of the right middle lobe is worrisome for pneumonia.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Right middle lobe pneumonia.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Mild cardiomegaly is stable.  Previous left lower lobe pneumonia has cleared.  There may be a small pericardial effusion, but no pleural effusions.  Granulomatous calcification noted in hilar lymph nodes, without appreciable nodal enlargement in either the hila or mediastinum.', 'Findings: There is a heterogeneous opacity in the left lower lobe concerning for pneumonia.  Right lung is clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The cardiac, mediastinal, and hilar contours are normal. Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia.  These findings were discussed with ___ at 3:30 p.m. on ___ by telephone.']
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, the nasogastric tube has been removed.  Lungs are clear without vascular congestion or pleural effusion.  Prominent scoliosis convexed to the right is again seen. Impression: ', "Findings: Single portable view of the chest.  Enteric tube passes below the diaphragm with tip in the region of the gastric body.  Hazy opacity at the left lung base could be due to aspiration given the patient's clinical history.  The right lung and left upper lung are clear.  S-shaped thoracolumbar scoliosis is noted.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: NG tube in appropriate position.  Hazy left basilar opacity could be due to infection or aspiration given history."]
['Findings: were discussed with ___, the nurse coordinator, at the time of dictation and observation, 13:27, on the ___ Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has developed a 3 cm right apical lateral pneumothorax.  There currently is no evidence of tension.  Otherwise the chest radiograph is unchanged.  Bilateral diffuse parenchymal opacities, right more than left.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pulmonary edema.  Mild elongation of the descending aorta.  At the time of dictation and observation, the referring nurse ___ was notified by page via the Hematology office.  The findings were discussed with ___, the nurse coordinator, at the time of dictation and observation, 13:27, on the ___', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the chest tube has been clamped.  There is no evidence of changes, notably no pneumothorax.  The known parenchymal opacities are constant in extent and severity.', 'Findings:  Impression: No pneumothorax or appreciable right pleural effusion, pigtail pleural
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest radiographs.  Frontal view shows normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum and pleural surfaces.  Two filamentous opacities on the lateral view projecting over the anterior heart could be external artifacts.  If there is reason to suspect internally retained wire fragments, such as from a previous wire-guided procedure, the area can be inspected either fluoroscopically or with chest CT. Clinical correlation, however, is essential.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable. Lungs are hypoinflated but otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Compared with the prior study, lung volumes are lower, causing mild bronchovascular crowding.  There may be mild flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms, best appreciated on the lateral view.  The heart size is top normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Mild flattening of the hemidiaphragms may reflect mild hyperexpansion. The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Flattening of the hemidiaphragms suggests mild hyperexpansion.  No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Streaky right
['Findings: There is interval placement of right internal jugular line with tip terminating in in the deep right atrium. There is slightly increased interstitial prominence compared to the prior exam, consistent with borderline pulmonary edema. Otherwise there is no significant interval change. Impression: 1. Right internal jugular line deep in the right atrium. At the time of this dictation, the line has already been repositioned and a repeat radiograph has been obtained. 2. Vascular congestion bordering on pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: The heart is moderately enlarged. The mediastinal and hilar contours are stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The lungs are well expanded without definite focal consolidation. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Healed right upper lateral rib fractures are noted. Impression: No definite aspiration or pneumonia.', 'Findings: The right internal jugular line has been slightly withdrawn, now in the mid right atrium.  Pulmonary vasculature appears less congested than on the most recent prior. There is been no other significant interval change. Impression: Right internal jugular line in the mid right atrium. Improvement in vascular congestion.', 'Findings:
['Findings: There is increased focal opacity on the right middle and lower lobe, concerning for pneumonia.  Linear opacities in the left base is may due to atelectasis. Heart size is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no evidence for pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Moderate rightward scoliosis is seen. Impression: Multifocal right middle and lower lobe pneumonia.  Given multifocality, immunocompromise, or atypical pneumonia such as Legionella may be considered.  Repeat chest radiograph in ___ weeks following antibiotic therapy is recommended.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Repeat chest radiograph in ___ weeks following antibiotic therapy is recommended.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the ___ ___ at 11:31 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiograph ___.  Previous extensive pneumonia has substantially cleared.  Only residual abnormality is seen on the lateral view projecting over the posterior heart border.  It would be prudent to repeat conventional chest radiographs in 6 weeks to
['Findings: Portable AP upright chest radiograph was provided.  The lungs appear clear aside from minimal plate-like left lower lung atelectasis.  The heart and mediastinal contours appear normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.  Bony structures appear intact.  There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  There is mild tortuosity along the descending aorta.  The arch shows patchy calcification.  Within the limitations of technique, the mediastinal and hilar contours appear otherwise within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lung volumes are low.  Minimal atelectasis in the left base is noted.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Partially imaged are bilateral humeral head prostheses. Impression: Mild left basilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: Single frontal view of the chest was obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  Partially imaged are bilateral humeral prostheses. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Atherosclerotic calcifications are demonstrated at the aortic knob. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Linear opacities in the left lung base likely reflect areas of subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Bilateral shoulder arthroplasties are partially im
['Findings: The lungs are relatively well expanded and grossly clear, with the exception of some mild basilar atelectatic changes, similar in appearance compared to the prior study. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Median sternotomy wires, valve prosthesis, and AtriClip device are again noted.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, overt pulmonary edema, or focal airspace opacification concerning for pneumonia.  A right humeral head anchor screw is noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary pathology.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Pulmonary vasculature is no longer distended.  Mild cardiomegaly has progressed.  There is no pulmonary edema or appreciable pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.  Right transjugular Swan-Ganz catheter ends in the right pulmonary artery.  Heart size normal.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Right internal jugular central venous catheter tip terminates at the SVC/ right atrial junction. The patient is status post median sternotomy. The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. The lungs are clear.  Cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  Hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  No pleural effusion.  No evidence of pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The right IJ tip ends in the right atrium, approximately 3 cm distal to the cavoatrial junction. Sternotomy wires are intact and unchanged in position.  The replaced aortic valve is intact and in the expected position.  Small left pleural effusion. Right lower lobe atelectasis. No pneumothorax, focal consolidation, or pulmonary edema. Stable prominent cardiomegaly. No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: 1.  Right IJ tip in the right atrium.  Recommend pulling back 3 cm to position the tip at the cavoatrial junction.  2.  Small left pleural effusion.  3.  Right lower lobe atelectasis.  NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___, the referring provider, on the telephone on ___ at 6:12 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: The heart is borderline in size.  The aortic arch is calcified.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear without pulmonary edema.
['Findings: Sternotomy wires are intact.  Right apical opacity is again noted, which appears more conspicuous compared to ___, although patient rotation limits comparison.  Mild bibasilar opacities are likely atelectasis.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged.  There is no evidence of pulmonary edema. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Right apical opacity appears more conspicuous compared to ___.  Chest CT is recommended for further evaluation to differentiate focal scarring from a slowly growing malignancy arising within an area of scar.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Chest CT']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the Dobbhoff tube is no longer visible in the neck, chest, or abdomen.  It could still be retained in the back of the mouth.  The IJ catheter remains in place.  Bibasilar opacifications persist, more prominent on the right. Impression: ', 'Findings: AP View of the chest provided.  Right lung base opacity is new, but nonspecific with a board differential including pneumonia or atelectasis +/- pleural effusion or even pulmonary embolism in the appropriate clinical scenario. There is no left pleural effusion. Rest of the lungs are clear. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: 1. No pulmonary edema. 2. Nonspecific right lung base opacity. Lateral chest radiograph could be helpful to the narrow possible differential diagnoses.  NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the telephone on ___ at 2:19 PM,  minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Interval placement of PIC
['Findings: are new since ___. Bone detail views recommended.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is normal.  Lungs clear.  NOTIFICATION:   Pertinent critical findings were entered by Dr. ___ on ___ at 14:59 into the Department of Radiology critical communications system for direct communication to the referring provider. Impression: Lucencies along the underside of 3 contiguous right middle ribs posteriorly, especially the ___, could be erosive malignancy. Findings are new since ___. Bone detail views recommended.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is normal.  Lungs clear.  NOTIFICATION:   Pertinent critical findings were entered by Dr. ___ on ___ at 14:59 into the Department of Radiology critical communications system for direct communication to the referring provider.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Slight increase in opacity over the inferior spine on the lateral view, not substantiated on the frontal view, felt to unlikely represent consolidation, possibly atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Subtle increase in opacity over the inferior spine on the lateral view, not substantiated on the frontal view, felt to unlikely represent consolidation, possibly atelectasis vs artifact.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  The vertebral fixation devices and post-surgical clips are in unchanged position.  Unchanged appearance of the tracheostomy tube.  Minimally increased lung volumes, unchanged bilateral pleural effusions with bilateral areas of basal atelectasis.  Unchanged course of the left PICC line.  No new parenchymal opacities. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis.  Similar appearance to prior study.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is hazy opacification at both bases that appears to be increasing, consistent with layering pleural effusion and compressive atelectasis.  The possibility of supervening pneumonia would be difficult to exclude in the appropriate clinical setting. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of earlier in this date, there is a tracheostomy tube in place.  External artifacts make it impossible to adequately evaluate the
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, patient has been extubated and the nasogastric tube has been removed.  All chest tubes have been removed and the Swan-Ganz catheter is also removed.  The only remaining monitoring and support device is venous introduction sheath in the right internal jugular vein.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax after chest tube removals.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Retrocardiac atelectasis and minimal left pleural effusion.  No overt pulmonary edema.  No evidence of pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___ through ___:  Small pleural effusions have increased, and moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette has also progressed.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Moderately severe left basal atelectasis and mild right basal atelectasis have also worsened slightly.', 'Findings: Sternotomy wires are intact and the mitral and tricuspid prosthetic valves are unchanged.   The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  The lungs are clear.  Small bilateral pleural effusions with minimal associated atelectasis
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable with the aorta tortuous and slight prominence along the ascending aorta is stable since ___. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The the cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: Top-normal to mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette.  No focal consolidation or pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute osseous abnormalities are detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Left PICC terminates in the mid-SVC.  No other change from recent  prior.   WET READ VERSION #1  ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT INDICATION:  ___-year-old male status post readjustment of left PICC.  COMPARISON:  Chest radiograph from ___ at 14:52.  PORTABLE AP CHEST RADIOGRAPH:  There has been interval adjustment of the left approach PICC, now terminating in mid SVC.  Lungs are clear without consolidation or interstitial edema.  No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum is evident.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is unchanged.  IMPRESSION:  Readjusted left PICC, now terminating in the mid SVC.  Dr. ___ communicated the above results to IV RN, ___ at 4:47 p.m. on ___ by telephone
['Findings: were discussed with Dr. ___ by phone on ___ at 11:15 a.m. Impression: ']
['Findings: Supine portable AP view the chest provided.  Midline sternotomy wires are noted.  Overlying EKG leads are present.  The lungs are clear.  Cardio mediastinal silhouette appears normal.  No acute bony abnormalities. Impression: No acute findings.']
["Findings: The lungs are mildly underinflated but clear.  Heart size and mediastinal contours are normal.  There are surgical clips along the left heart border and intact median sternal wires compatible with prior cardiac surgery.  The osseous structures are intact.  A marker is placed along the left lateral abdominal wall indicating the site of the patient's pain, at which there is no discrete abnormality appreciated. Impression: 1. Low lung volumes, otherwise clear lungs. 2. No evidence of rib fracture.", "Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in sitting semi-upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding supine postoperative chest examination of ___.  The patient is now extubated.  Right internal jugular vein sheath remains, but Swan-Ganz catheter has been pulled out.  The previously present mediastinal drainage tube, left-sided chest tube and NG tube have been removed.  No pneumothorax has developed.  There is now postoperatively low volume on this chest examination related to patient's position and poor inspirational effort.  No significant new pulmonary abnormality can be identified and the lateral pleural sinuses remain free
['Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  The heart size is mildly enlarged but stable.  There is no evidence of vascular engorgement nor pulmonary edema.  The aorta is again tortuous.  On the lateral view, there is a possible suggestion of a pericardial effusion, likely a chronic finding.  The lungs are clear. Impression: Normal volume status.  Possible pericardial effusion.', 'Findings: The patient is status post sternotomy.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged with mild cardiomegaly.  The aortic arch is partly calcified.  The lungs appear clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are clear. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Interval re-adjustment of a left central venous catheter, with the tip now in the mid SVC.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the left line has been pulled back.  It is now with its tip projecting over the brachiocephalic vein.  Newly appeared left and right pleural effusions.  The extent of the effusions is limited to the costophrenic sinus.  No pneumothorax.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___ through ___.  Mild pulmonary edema is worse today than it was on ___.  Small bilateral pleural effusions persist.  Heart is mildly enlarged.  There may be a mild-to-moderate degree of left basal atelectasis.  Of note, baseline chest radiographs show severe hyperinflation, but concurrent chest CT does not show emphysema.  Therefore, small airways obstruction is presumed.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs remain hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and increased AP diameter suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  Blunting of the bilateral posterior costophrenic angles suggests small pleural effusions.  Mid lung atelectasis is seen on the lateral view.  Extensive costochondral calcifications are seen.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  Biapical pleural thickening is seen.  The cardiac silhouette remains mildly enlarged.  Slight prominence of the aortic knob is grossly stable since ___.  Subtle retrocardiac opacity may be due to hiatal hernia or atelectasis.  Some compression deformities
['Findings: There is no interstitial pulmonary edema.  There is moderate cardiomegaly and a hiatal hernia.  No significant pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Aortic valve replacement is again noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The patient is status post CABG. An aortic valve replacement is unchanged in position. There is a moderate hiatal hernia. Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion which appears chronic with worsening patchy bibasilar opacities, likely reflecting atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Clips are noted in the right upper quadrant from prior cholecystectomy. Impression: 1. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion appears chronic. 2. Mild increase of patchy bibasilar opacities, which likely represent atelectasis.', 'Findings: There is persistent increased interstitial markings similar prior. There is no confluent consolidation.  Trace bilateral pleural effusions are seen. There is moderate cardiomegaly and a hiatal hernia.  Aortic valve replacement is again
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Allowing for differences in technique, the left lower lobe pneumonia has resolved.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  Surgical clips project over the left hemi thorax. Impression: Allowing for differences in technique, the left lower lobe pneumonia has likely resolved.']
['Findings: A right internal jugular line ends in the low superior vena cava.  There is a small to moderate left pleural effusion.  There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  The aortic knob is calcified.  The aortic silhouette is mildly enlarged. Impression: 1. The right internal jugular line ends in the low superior vena cava. 2. Small left pleural effusion.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Median sternotomy wires, mediastinal clips and aortic valve replacement are again noted.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy. The heart is normal in size. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Status post pleural drainage on the right. The catheter is in correct position.  The pre-existing right effusion is almost completely resolved. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  On the left, areas of retrocardiac atelectasis and a minimal pleural effusion restricted to the costophrenic sinus is visible.  Moderate cardiomegaly persists.', 'Findings: Moderate pulmonary edema is unchanged. Small right and moderate left layering pleural effusions are slightly increased. There is no pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly is stable. Retrocardiac opacification is unchanged, and likely due to a combination of atelectasis and pleural effusion. A newly pace an NG tube courses below the hemidiaphragm to enter the stomach. Impression: NG tube in satisfactory position. Unchanged moderate pulmonary edema. Slightly increased small right and moderate left layering pleural effusions.', 'Findings: The heart size is severely enlarged and there is marked pulmonary vascular redistribution.  With hazy alveolar infiltrates most marked in the lower lobes there small bilateral pleural effusions have increased compared to prior Impression
['Findings: The tip of the endotracheal tube terminates 3.6 cm above the carina in appropriate position. A left chest AICD lead is in unchanged position. The tip of the nasogastric tube courses out of the field of view of this exam.  Severe cardiomegaly is unchanged. There is obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm which likely reflects a combination of atelectasis and pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Persistent mild vascular congestion. Severe cardiomegaly with left lower lobe atelectasis/pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Due to rotation, of the OG tube and endotracheal tube wires are overlapping.  It is difficult therefore to assess the exact location of the endotracheal tube. The heart continues to be severely enlarged. There is mild pulmonary vascular redistribution. There small bilateral effusions. There continues to be bilateral lower lobe volume loss/ infiltrate. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has been extubated and the nasogastric tube was removed. The lung volumes have decreased. Moderate cardiome
["Findings:  Impression: Pulmonary and mediastinal vascular congestion have improved and yesterday's cardiomegaly has resolved.  Lungs are grossly clear.", 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear.  There is no effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lung fields are clear besides minimal atelectasis at the left lateral costophrenic angle angle.  There is no pneumothorax.  Hypertrophic changes noted in the spine.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable.  A minimally displaced posterior left seventh rib fracture is noted. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2.  Left posterior seventh rib fracture is minimally displaced.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  There is no ple
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is detected.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate clear lungs and normal hilar and cardiomediastinal contours.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are substantially lower. Bibasal atelectasis is noted. Small amount of pneumoperitoneum is present.  Deviation of the trachea to the left is present and might be consistent with thyroid enlargement.  No appreciable pneumothorax pulmonary edema all mass is consolidations demonstrated']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Mediastinal and cardiac contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Moderate dextroscoliosis is stable.  CONCLUSION:  There are no acute cardiopulmonary findings. Impression: ']
['Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and heart size remains moderately enlarged. The aorta is tortuous and diffusely calcified.  Right paratracheal calcifications may reflect calcified lymph nodes and are unchanged.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion. No pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax is seen. Lungs appear hyperinflated. Diffuse demineralization of the osseous structures is present. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.', "Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The patient is status post median sternotomy.  The lateral view is somewhat suboptimal due to the patient's overlying arm.  No pleural effusion is seen.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged.  The aorta is slightly tortuous. Impression: Suboptimal lateral views due to the patient's overlying arm.  Otherwise, mild cardiomegaly without overt pulmonary edema.", 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.   Midline sternotomy wires are again noted.  Lung volumes
['Findings: A curvilinear soft tissue interface overlies the cervical trachea and could reflect a prominent skin fold or superficial lesion. There is no consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion appreciated.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar silhouettes are normal size. No acute bony abnormalities nor evidence of acute fracture. Pacemaker seen on the left chest wall with pacer wires terminating in right atrium and right ventricle. Impression: No chest radiographic evidence of hiatal hernia.  Note that a small or sliding hernia may not be detectable on conventional chest radiographs.  Curvilinear soft tissue interface overlying the cervical trachea may reflect a prominent skin fold or a superficial cystic or solid mass.  Correlation with physical exam findings of this region are suggested.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Correlation with palpation of the neck as described.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable in appearance. Right upper lobe opacity appears to be new in might represent infectious process. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.', 'Findings: . No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pre described right upper lobe parenchymal opacity in is more subtle but still visible. However, the since the previous radiograph, there is a new left epihilar consolidation adjacent to the aortopulmonary window.  Given the presence of the these abnormalities CT is recommended to workup the chest radiographic findings. No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings: Minimal lateral left base atelectasis is noted. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Anterior osteophytes seen at several levels along the thoracic spine. Partially imaged, there may be an ovoid calcification projecting over the soft tissue lateral to the right humeral head
['Findings: No previous studies available for direct comparison.  Cardiac silhouette and mediastinum is normal.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothoraces or focal consolidation.  No pleural effusions are seen.  The bony structures are normal. Impression: Unremarkable study of the chest.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Calcific densities project over the chest bilaterally suggesting calcified pleural plaques.  The degree of opacification in the right mid lung however has progressed since prior as well as the degree of pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is a possible small right pleural effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Bilateral calcified pleural plaques with likely superimposed underlying parenchymal opacities particularly in the right mid lung which could be infection as well as component of pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: As compared to ___, nodular opacities with basilar predominance have increased.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is stable.  Mild cardiomegaly.  No significant pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax. Impression: Lower lobe predominant nodular consolidative opacities have increased.  In this patient with aspiration documented on prior swallowing study, aspiration pneumonia is considered most likely, likely coexisting with interstitial edema from CHF.', 'Findings: Calcific densities projecting over the bilateral lungs suggest calcified pleural plaques.  There is likely mild superimposed pulmonary vascular congestion
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or old tuberculous disease.']
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Bilateral posterior fixation rods with multiple pedicle screws and interlaminar hooks are seen spanning the thoracolumbar spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: No focal opacity to suggest pneumonia is seen.  Increased prominence of the pulmonary vasculature may reflect a mild degree of volume overload.  No interstitial edema is seen.  No pneumothorax is present.  The heart size is also mildly enlarged likely due to volume overload. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   There is no focal consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax.  Mild crowding of bronchovascular markings in the lower lungs is noted.  No evidence of congestion or edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: No acute findings.']
['Findings: Portable AP upright chest radiograph obtained.  Lung volumes are low, though allowing for this, the lungs appear clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears grossly stable with top normal heart size, possibly magnified due to portable AP technique.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.  If there is strong concern for PE, recommend CT to further assess.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest show a left chest wall port with a catheter terminating in the mid to low SVC.  Otherwise, the lungs are clear.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  No pleural abnormality is detected. Impression: There is no acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Lungs are severely hyperinflated and severely abnormal.  The moderate right pleural effusion on ___ is no longer present and pleural effusion is minimal if any.  There is a severe interstitial abnormality responsible for large scale bronchiectasis and nodulation, but compared to ___, there has definitely been improvement, and there has been no worsening since ___ as well.  The mass like elliptical lesion at the right lung apex is long-standing and does not raise concern for malignancy, nor is there any increase in several areas of confluent opacification, such as the lingula, to suggest acute pneumonia.  Heart size is normal.  Pulmonary arteries are chronically enlarged reflecting pulmonary arterial hypertension.', 'Findings: There has been little change in comparison to prior study from ___, with reticulonodular opacities again visualized bilaterally and largely unchanged.  Right apex and left lower lobe areas of conglomeration of nodules remain unchanged.  There is no evidence of focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces.  Degenerative changes are again visualized throughout the thoracic spine along with stable wedge compression deformity. Imp
['Findings: The heart size, mediastinal, and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic vertebral body are unchanged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change.  There is no evidence of pneumonia.  Normal lung volumes.  Normal size of the heart.  Mild degenerative vertebral disease.  No pleural effusions.']
['Findings: Allowing for the differences in technique and patient position, since ___, right lower lung consolidation is unchanged.  Mild-to-moderate right pleural effusion appears to have minimally increased.  Small left pleural effusion and left lower lung atelectasis is unchanged.  Top normal heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  The patient is status post median sternotomy with intact sternal sutures - post-AVR.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings: Over last ___ hours, tiny right apical pneumothorax is stable.  Right lower lung consolidation concerning for pneumonia is similar.  Right internal jugular line ends at mid SVC.  RIght Chest drain tube ends at mid chest level and left chest tube ends at the left lung base.  Mediastinum, hilar contours and heart size are stable. No new lung opacities of concern.  Patient is status post-median sternotomy with intact sternal sutures for post AVR. Impression: Over the last ___ hours, small right apical pneumothorax is unchanged.  Right lower lung consolidation concerning for pneumonia is stable.',
['Findings: Semi-upright portable radiograph of the chest demonstrates a left internal jugular central venous catheter, terminating in the upper SVC.  A right dual-lumen hemodialysis catheter is unchanged, terminating at the cavoatrial junction.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace opacity.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  Otherwise, the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: Left internal jugular central venous line and right hemodialysis port in appropriate position, as described above.  No evidence of complication.  Mild cardiomegaly.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has been intubated. The tip of the endotracheal tube projects 3.7 cm above the carinal. The patient has also received the nasogastric tube. The course of the tube is unremarkable, the tip of the tube is not visualized on the image. Unchanged right and left central venous access lines. The lung volumes have minimally decreased.  Mild retrocardiac atelectasis.  No larger ple
['Findings: The lungs are clear with no evidence of a consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiac silhouette is normal.  Left tracheal deviation is again noted likely due to a thyroid goiter.  No acute fractures are identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Left tracheal deviation is again noted likely due to a thyroid goiter.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest radiographs:  There could be small granulomatous lymph node calcifications in the hila, but lymph nodes are not enlarged.  In all other respects, this is a normal radiographic examination of the chest.  Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Heart is top normal size and there is no pleural abnormality.  There is no evidence of active tuberculosis.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  A left-sided PICC is seen, distal aspect not well seen, but appears to at least enter the SVC.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  A cervical hardware is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.  Diffuse sclerosis of all bones.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrates the lungs are well-expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Diffuse sclerotic appearance of the visualized osseous structures is unchanged, representing known diffuse prostate cancer metastases. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  No focal opacities are identified.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Diffuse sclerosis of all the bones is reidentified and compatible with known diffuse prostatic metastasis. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  Diffuse sclerosis of all the bones compatible with known diffuse prostatic metastasis.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Pleural surfaces are normal without pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart is mildly enlarged, however, is unchanged from prior study.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic arch noted.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  Specifically, no evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest were provided.  There are bilateral pleural effusions which are small and not significantly changed from the prior exam.  Mild interstitial prominence is most conspicuous from prior exam though its persistence reflects the presence of interstitial edema.  No pneumothorax or definite signs of pneumonia.  The heart and mediastinal contour is stable.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Small bilateral effusions are stable with possible mild interstitial edema.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there are lower lung volumes. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits.  Mild indistinctness of pulmonary vessels could reflect mild elevation of pulmonary venous pressure.  No
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Low lung volumes.  Lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison with the study of ___, there again are low lung volumes that accentuate the size of the cardiac silhouette.  Mild indistinctness of pulmonary vessels could reflect some increase in pulmonary venous pressure.  No evidence of acute focal pneumonia. There has been placement of a Dobhoff tube, with the opaque portion just distal to the esophagogastric junction.  The tube could be pushed forward about 8-10 cm for more optimal positioning.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there again are low lung volumes that accentuate the size of the cardiac silhouette.  Continued indistinctness of pulmonary vessels, which could reflect mild elevation of pulmonary venous pressure.  Poor definition of the left hemidiaphragm raises
['Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal radiographs of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes which accentuates a mildly enlarged cardiac sillouette.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No displaced rib fracture identified. Impression: No pneumonia']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is bibasilar atelectasis.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Relatively low lung volumes are seen.  Again seen is a calcified right apical pulmonary nodule.  The lungs are otherwise grossly clear without large effusion, consolidation or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiac silhouette appears slightly enlarged but likely accentuated due to low lung volumes.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified.  Probable calcified right hilar nodes are also seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low, accounting for some bronchovascular crowding. No focal opacities are seen suggestive of pneumonia. Calcified granuloma in the right upper lung is seen. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The aorta is tortuous. Prominent marginal osteophytes in the right aspect of the thoracic spine result in displacement of the right paraspinal line. Impression: Low lung volumes.  Otherwise, unremarkable chest radiographic examination.', 'Findings: .  Mild stable cardiomegaly. ______________________________________________________________________________                    
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There are low lung volumes, which accentuate the bronchovascular markings.  Given this, there is mild central pulmonary vascular engorgement.  No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  There is compression of an upper lumbar spine vertebral body, grossly stable as compared to ___. Impression: ', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  The heart size remains unchanged, appearing borderline enlarged.  The aortic knob is calcified.  There is mild crowding of the bronchovascular structures but no overt pulmonary edema is demonstrated.  Patchy opacities are demonstrated in both lung bases, more pronounced in the left, which may reflect areas of aspiration or infection.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Remote right-sided rib fracture is noted. Impression: Low lung volumes.  Patchy bibasilar airspace opacities are concerning for areas of infection or aspiration, more pronounced in the left lung base.', 'Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged; increased since ___ with redemonstration
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  A large retrocardiac density is again seen containing small amounts of air compatible with a hiatal hernia.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. There are bilateral breast implants. Impression: Large hiatal hernia, not significantly changed.  Otherwise normal.', 'Findings: There is a large hiatal hernia with an air-fluid level.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable within the limitations of technique.  Streaky medial basilar opacities suggest minor atelectasis or scarring, but there are no findings suggestive of pneumonia of congestive heart failure.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Large hiatal hernia.  No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: The right lower lobe pneumonia has essentially cleared, with only small residual linear opacities remaining, likely representing residual atelectasis and/or developing scar.  There is also apparent bronchial wall thickening present centrally in the right lower lobe, which could reflect residual airways component of infection.  No new areas of consolidation have developed in the remainder of the lungs, and note is made of a very small right pleural effusion.  Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: Essential resolution of right lower lobe pneumonia with residual linear atelectasis/scarring as well as mild bronchial wall thickening.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Mild hyperexpansion of the lungs raising the possibility of chronic pulmonary disease.  However, no acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is mild hyperexpansion of the lungs, raising the possibility of chronic pulmonary disease.  There are no focal consolidations, pleural effusions or pneumoth
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the external pacemaker is in unchanged position.  The lead tip projects over the right ventricle.  The sternal wires and the new aortic valve is also unchanged in appearance.  Minimal atelectasis at both the left and the right lung bases.  Moderate cardiomegaly, no overt pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: The heart is at the upper limits of normal size.  There is mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  The patient is status post coronary artery bypass graft surgery.  ___ Kerley B lines suggest mild congestive changes, but without frank congestive heart failure.  Streaky left posterior basilar opacity appears unchanged and suggests minor atelectasis or scarring.  The lungs are hyperinflated. Impression: Findings suggesting slight pulmonary congestion.  Streakly left basilar opacity suggesting minor atelectasis.  Hyperinflation.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, the tip of the right IJ pacer extends to the region of the apex of the right ventricle. 
['Findings: The heart size is top normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  There is no pneumothorax, focal consolidation, or pleural effusion.  Moderate degenerative changes are again seen throughout the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process. Specifically, no focal consolidation.', 'Findings: There has been interval extubation.  Other indwelling devices are in standard position, and cardiomediastinal contours are stable.  New pulmonary vascular congestion is accompanied by interstitial edema and a new small layering right pleural effusion.  Small-to-moderate left pleural effusion appears similar, and there has been some improvement in the extent of adjacent atelectasis in the retrocardiac area. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ___.  Low lung volumes.  Mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema.  Mild cardiomegaly.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia.  Unchanged left basal atelectasis.', "Findings: AP portable semi-upright view of the chest provided.  The NG tube courses inferiorly into the left
['Findings: Right chest wall port is noted with catheter tip at the upper SVC.  Vague opacity projects over the posterior right sixth rib which is felt to be external in nature.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Port-A-Cath catheter tip is at the level of superior SVC.  Lungs are essentially clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.', 'Findings: discussed with ___, NP  via telephone on ___ at 19:07. WET READ VERSION #1 ___ ___ ___ 11:26 PM    A right-sided Port-A-Cath catheter terminates in the mid to low SVC. There is  no significant pneumothorax in this portable chest radiograph. Find
['Findings: AP radiograph of the chest.  Again visualized are multiple metallic densities likely consistent with shrapnel/bullet fragments.  Pleural thickening at the left lung base, stable.  There is no effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The heart continues to be moderately enlarged without any pulmonary edema.  Previous pulmonary vasculature engorgement has resolved.  The lungs are low without focal consolidation or pleural effusion.  Right IJ central venous line ends in the mid SVC.  Spinal hardware is unchanged. Impression: No pleural effusions, edema or signs of congestive heart failure.', 'Findings: Since condition required examination in sitting semi-upright position using AP frontal and left lateral views.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding AP single view chest examination of ___.  The patient is very heavy, a fact which detracts from the ability to assess pulmonary vasculature with confidence.  Comparison is made with the next preceding AP single view chest examination of ___. The patient is status post orthopedic stabilization of the lower thoracic and lumbar spine ___ rods identified.  Relatively high positioned diaphragms result in crowded appearance of the pulmonary vasculature on the bases.  Heart size is difficult to assess but probably mildly enlarged with a configuration favoring the left ventricle with prominence to the left and posteriorly.  No significant left atrial enlargement can be identified. 
['Findings: There are relatively low lung volumes. There is a small right pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis. There is also trace left pleural effusion. No focal consolidation is seen. No evidence of pneumothorax is seen. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. No overt pulmonary edema. Impression: Small right and trace left bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis. No focal consolidation seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: A single frontal radiograph is provided. There is no relevant change as compared to ___. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette with mildly enlarged left ventricle. Mild elongation of the descending aorta.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions.  No evidence of free abdominal air.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are stable and within normal limits. Subtle right middle lobe airspace opacity is new from the prior exam, possibly atelectasis.  Otherwise, the lungs are grossly clear, without focal infiltrate or consolidation.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion or pulmonary edema.  There is no pneumothorax or sizable pleural effusion. Impression: Hazy right middle lobe airspace opacity may simply represent atelectasis, however developing infection should be considered in appropriate clinical setting.  Otherwise, lungs are grossly clear.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___ ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 9:___ AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumomediastinum is visible.  The lungs appear clear. There is similar degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. There has been no significant change. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: Lungs:  The lungs are
['Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal. There has been interval removal of a right internal jugular central venous line and enteric tube. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: An NG tube is seen with distal tip past the diaphragm and side-port beyond the gastroesophageal junction.  Bilateral subcutaneous emphysema is seen in the bilateral chest walls corresponding to that seen on same-day CT of the abdomen and pelvis.  No pneumothorax or focal consolidation is identified. There is no pleural effusion. Impression: 1. NG tube in appropriate position. 2. Extensive subcutaneous emphysema, also seen on same day CT.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate a slightly rotated patient.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Unfolding of the thoracic aorta is unchanged.  The lungs are slightly low in volume, accentuating basilar vascular crowding.  There is no confluent consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  There is no pneumothorax, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: No definite evidence for pneumonia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding available portable AP single view chest examination of ___.  Previously described moderate cardiomegaly and evidence of pulmonary congestion has regressed.  Heart size is presently within normal limits.  There is moderate widening and elongation of the thoracic aorta, but no evidence for any local contour abnormality.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  With the exception of a thin plate atelectasis in the mid field of the right lung, there is no evidence of any remaining acute pulmonary infiltrate.  Thus the on previous CT identified pulmonary densities suggestive of contusion are not seen anymore.  Again noted are local rib fractures beginning with the posterior aspect of the right second rib and reaching to the posterior aspect of the eighth rib on the right side.  There are additional rib deformities in the lateral chest wall involving the lateral portions of the fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth rib where there is some increased soft tissue density surrounding the non-displaced fractures indicating beginning callus formation.  There is no evidence of any pneumothorax or pleural effusion in lateral or posterior pleural
['Findings:  Impression: Dobbhoff tube tip is in the stomach. Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Right internal jugular line is in the superior mediastinum.  Right lower lobe atelectasis is unchanged.  No interval development of pneumothorax is seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: Bilateral chest tubes have been removed. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinum are stable in appearance with no interval development of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. The sternal wires are in constant position. Old left-sided rib fracture. No evidence of pneumonia, pleural effusions or pulmonary edema. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: are most likely consistent with metastatic disease or multiple myeloma Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are unchanged, including cardiomegaly. Interstitial opacities are bilateral, most likely representing interstitial lung disease.  In addition there is progression of diffuse interstitial pattern, most likely consistent with superimposed either infectious process or mild interstitial edema.  Small left pleural effusion is noted, similar to previous examination.  Similar mottled appearance of the bones is re- demonstrated.  The findings are most likely consistent with metastatic disease or multiple myeloma', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   Low lung volumes.  Lungs are clear.  Cardio mediastinal silhouette grossly unremarkable.  A diffusely mottled appearance of the bones raises potential concern for underlying disease. Impression: Abnormal mottled appearance of the bony structures, question demineralization versus malignant infiltration. No evidence of pneumonia or edema.']
['Findings: Prominent reticular interstitial markings suggest underlying chronic pulmonary disease. Mildly increased retrocardiac opacification may represent left lower lobe pneumonia in the proper clinical setting.  Given severe scoliosis and kyphosis, comparison to any prior studies (which are not available for review at this time) would be useful in assessing for relevant changes. There is elevation the right hemidiaphragm, likely related to eventration.There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  The aorta is tortuous and partially calcified. There is severe scoliosis, kyphosis, and demineralization. Impression: 1. Prominent reticular interstitial markings suggest underlying chronic pulmonary disease. 2. Mildly increased retrocardiac opacification may represent left lower lobe pneumonia in the proper clinical setting. 3. Severe scoliosis and kyphosis.', 'Findings:  Impression: There is no evidence of pneumonia. Stable severe elevation of the right hemidiaphragm could be due to paralysis or severe eventration or prior trauma. Mild cardiomeg
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no displaced rib fractures. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Flattening of both hemidiaphragms is consistent with hyperinflation.  Extensive coronary arteries stents are projecting over the lateral and PA view. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2.  Flattening of both hemidiaphragms consistent with hyperinflation.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. There is some suggested prominence of the left hilar region, but this has not change since the study of ___. Of incidental note is a calcified granuloma in the left perihilar region.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged. Aortic knob is calcified. The mediastinal contour is unremarkable. There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion. Patchy opacities in the lung bases may reflect atelectasis. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality is seen. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Patchy bibasilar opacities are likely reflective of atelectasis, but infection is not completely excluded.']
['Findings: Endotracheal tube remains in standard position with tip terminating 4 cm above the carina.  However, the cuff may be slightly overdistended.  Heart size remains normal, and lungs are clear, with biapical bulla again demonstrated. Impression: ', 'Findings: A frontal supine view of the chest was obtained portably.  The endotracheal tube ends 3.5 cm above the carina.  There is no large focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes and hilar contours are within normal limits.  No displaced rib fracture is seen. Biapical bullus emphysema is confirmed on the subsequent CT. Impression: 1.  No radiographic evidence of acute intrathoracic injury.  The chest is better assessed on subsequent CT. 2.  Endotracheal tube ends 3.5 cm above the carina.']
['Findings: Patient is known to have situs inversus.  Right chest wall port is again noted in stable position.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Surgical clips seen within the abdomen as well as overlying the left chest wall. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Situs inversus.', 'Findings: The patient has situs inversus with a right-sided cardiac apex, right-sided aortic arch, and right-sided stomach.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are stable, and the heart size is not enlarged.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion.  Minimal atelectasis is noted at the lung bases.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Several clips are demonstrated at the GE junction, as well as within the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: Minimal bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: Right chest wall port is again seen with catheter tip in the lower SVC as on prior.  Patient is known to have situs inversus.  The lungs are clear without consolidation, large eff
['Findings:  Impression: Normal heart lungs hila mediastinum and pleural surfaces.  No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine is unchanged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  Previously seen pneumonia has resolved in the interval.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Similar moderate rightward convex curvature is centered along the mid to lower thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate ill defined opacities in the left mid to lower lung on frontal view, which
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum and pleural surfaces.']
['Findings: Portable semi upright chest radiograph was obtained.  Lungs are low in volume resulting in bronchovascular crowding along with right greater than left basal opacities which are likely atelectasis but aspiration could be considered.  Mild vascular congestion is seen without overt edema.  Bibasilar linear atelectasis is seen.  The heart is top normal in size with tortuous aortic contour.  Ventriculoperitoneal shunt catheter is seen in the right hemithorax and abdomen.  Moderate gaseous gastric distention is noted. Impression: Low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities, most likely atelectasis though aspiration should be considered.  Mild vascular congestion.']
['Findings: Dobbhoff tube terminates within the stomach.  Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance.  Persistent small left pleural effusion and adjacent minor left basilar atelectasis. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient shows no interval development of pneumonia.  A small left-sided pleural effusion, better seen on the lateral than on the frontal view, is unchanged.  Equally unchanged are signs of mild fluid overload.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  No lung nodules or masses. Impression: ', 'Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in sitting semi-upright position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding PA and lateral chest examination of ___.  On the present single view chest examination, extensive bilateral densities are seen in both lungs.  As the densities have a tendency to be more marked centrally, it is most likely that it represents acute pulmonary edema.  The progression since the next preceding chest examination is striking.  No pneumothorax has developed. Impression: Acute pulmonary edema.  Telephone call was directed to ___ to transmit acute deterioration. 
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Lungs are clear.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is present.  No displaced rib fractures are noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal.  The mediastinum is unremarkable.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  No displaced fracture is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Heart size and mediastinum are overall unremarkable. Lung volumes are very low. There is no pulmonary edema. Minimal bibasal atelectasis is noted and potentially left pleural effusion. Impression: No acute pneumonia. Very low lung volumes.', 'Findings: definitely explaining that she cardiac demonstrated.  If clinically warranted, correlation with CT chest preferably after administration of IV contrast is to be considered. Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are overall unremarkable.  Lung volumes are very low.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Minimal bibasal atelectasis is noted and
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: Clear lungs.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no focal lung consolidation. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema identified.  The heart is normal in size.  Mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary or chronic granulomatous disease.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or old tuberculous disease.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', "Findings: There are moderate bilateral pleural effusions, pulmonary vascular redistribution, and alveolar infiltrates right greater than left.  The heart is mildly enlarged. Impression: Increased CHF.  An underlying infectious infiltrate can't be excluded.", 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Moderate bilateral pleural effusions have increased slightly since ___ following resolution of previous mild pulmonary edema.  The extent of consolidation at the lung bases is consistent with atelectasis from the effusions.  There is no pneumonia in the upper lungs.  Moderate cardiomegaly and mediastinal vascular engorgement remain.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Portable frontal view of the chest.  The lungs are hyperinflated.  Bi-apical scarring is noted.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions.  There is no pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable. Impression: Bi-apical scarring and hyperinflated lungs consistent with chronic lung disease. Small bilateral pleural effusions.  For further details please
['Findings: The lungs well-expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: persist, correlation with chest CT would be required. Impression: ', 'Findings: compatible with pneumonia on ___. Evaluate for resolution of the infiltrate after a ___-day course of antibiotics.  COMPARISONS:  PA and lateral chest radiograph from ___, ___.  FINDINGS:  Subtle opacity in the right upper lobe has resolved.  There is no other focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There are no acute skeletal abnormalities. Impression: Resolved right upper lobe pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   A small retrocardiac opacity is stable likely a small hiatal hernia.  Lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.  Small hiatal hernia.']
['Findings: Right IJ tip is at the SVC and brachiocephalic junction.  Sternotomy wires are in correct position. Dual-chamber pacemaker is in the left pectoral region with lead tips in the right atrium and right ventricle.     Stable small right pleural effusion and moderate-to-large left-sided pleural effusion. Mediastinal contours are normal and cardiac size is obscured by the pleural effusion.  No focal consolidation, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. Impression: Stable bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs.  Dual-chamber pacer leads are in stable position.  Right IJ catheter terminates in the upper SVC.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are unchanged from most recent prior on ___.  Median sternotomy wires are intact.  The heart size is top normal. Impression: Stable small bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in semi-upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding similar study of __
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax. There is no pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: Normal chest radiographs.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The patient is rightward rotated limiting evaluation. Lung volumes are low.  Heart size is exaggerated by low lung volumes and AP technique but is likely mildly enlarged. There is generalized opacity of the left lung which may be positional. More focal opacities at the lung base could reflect atelectasis. There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: 1. Opacities at the left base are likely atelectasis although pneumonia or atelectasis is possible in the right clinical setting. 2. Mild cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: On view # 4, the radiopaque portion of the Dobbhoff tube extends beneath the diaphragm and overlies expected location of the stomach.  Allowing for technical differences, findings in the chest including cardiomegaly, small bilateral effusions and underlying collapse and/or consolidation are similar the prior study.  Possible minimal upper zone redistribution, but no overt CHF. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the endotracheal tube has been removed.  Continued substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with relatively mild vascular congestion, a discordance that raises the possibility of cardiomyopathy or pericardial effusion.  Bibasilar opacifications are consistent with pleural fluid and atelectatic changes, most prominent in the retrocardiac region at the left base.', 'Findings: may be due to recurrent aspiration given clinical suspicion for this entity.  Exam is otherwise remarkable for small bilateral pleural effusions, slightly improved on the left and worse on the right in the interval. Impression: In comparison to ___ chest radiograph, bibasilar opacities have substantially improved on the left and worsened on the right.
['Findings: There is mild bibasilar atelectasis, but no consolidation or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of pneumothorax.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are slightly low compared to the prior exam, somewhat accentuating the heart size which is top-normal and appears stable compared to multiple prior examinations.  There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, pneumothorax, or focal consolidation worrisome for pneumonia. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the patient has taken a much better inspiration. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or old tuberculous disease.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate normal heart size.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  There are patchy opacities in the right lower lobe increased from the prior study of ___.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No displaced rib fracture identified. Impression: Patchy opacities in the right lower lobe concerning for pneumonia; although, disease recurrance cannot be entirely excluded.  Recommend followup radiograph after treatment to ensure resolution.', 'Findings: There has been interval development of a new 3.5 cm rounded right hilar mass projecting over the middle mediastinum on lateral view.  Left lung is clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.  Left hilar contour is normal. Impression: New 3.5 cm right hilar mass worrisome for malignancy.  Further evaluation with dedicated noncontrast chest CT is highly recommended.  Critical results were relayed over the telephone to ___, medical assistant for Dr. ___, by Dr. ___ at 11:20 on ___ at time of initial review.', 'Findings: Chest, PA and lateral
['Findings: Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs and pleural surfaces are clear.  No acute skeletal findings. Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: Portable frontal radiograph of the chest demonstrates normal heart size and mediastinal contours.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. On the prior study a faint ovoid density projected over the right second anterior rib. It is not visualized on our study but could be masked by the difference in projection. Impression: 1. No pneumonia.   2. Ovoid density projection over right upper chest seen on prior study, not seen today, but could be masked by difference in projection. Recommend repeat PA and lateral.  Telephone notification regarding change in wet read and recommednation to Dr ___ by Dr ___ at 8:45 on ___']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm is unchanged.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Bony structures are intact.  Old right lateral rib deformities are noted at the sixth and seventh ribs. Impression: No signs of pneumonia or other acute process.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  The aorta is noted to be tortuous.  The heart size is at the upper limits of normal.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  No pneumothorax.  Slight blunting of the left costophrenic angle. Impression: No acute pneumonia.', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Heart size is top-normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion or edema. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: There is a new dual lead pacemaker.  On the frontal film slowed leads project over the expected locations of the heart.  However, on the lateral film 1 of the leads projects posteriorly which is unexpected.  The heart is upper limits normal in size.  Sternal wires and mediastinal clips are again seen.  There is no focal infiltrate or effusion.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: 1 of the pacemaker wires projects posteriorly on the lateral film.  This is likely the atrial lead.  NOTIFICATION:  This finding was discussed with the electrophysiology fellow, Dr. ___ at the time of discovery by Dr. ___ at 11:30 on ___ at the time of dictating this report', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips again noted.  Lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Fracture of the right mid clavicle with inferior displacement of the distal fracture fragment is better assessed on this same day dedicated shoulder and clavicle radiographs. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Right clavicle fracture, better assessed on the dedicated right shoulder and clavicle radiographs obtained the same day.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest radiographs:  A left-sided central venous line ends in the low SVC.  Right lung is clear and right pleural surfaces are normal.  On the left the elevation of the lateral aspect of the lung base is most readily explained by subpulmonic pleural effusion which probably explains greater left infrahilar opacification.  A lateral view would be helpful to exclude left lower lobe pneumonia.  The upper lungs are clear.  Heart size is normal and mediastinal contour is unremarkable.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal. The aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic calcifications. Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. There are mild degenerative changes noted in the imaged thoracolumbar spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or old tuberculous disease.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest imaging:  Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum and pleural surfaces.']
['Findings: There is chronic interstitial lung markings consistent with nonspecific interstitial pneumonitis.  These changes are stable from chest xray ___.  There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or other acute pulmonary process.  The lung volumes are normal. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures. Impression: Chronic interstitial lung changes consistent with nonspecific interstitial pneumonitis, which is unchanged from chest xray ___.  No acute pulmonary process.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the telephone on ___ at 1:36 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: The heart size is top normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Chronic interstitial markings likely correlates to the known NSIP and is better characterized on prior CTs.  However, this finding is clearly progressed from the chest radiograph from ___. The upper abdomen is unremarkable. No displaced rib fractures are seen. Impression: Interstitial prominence reflecting chronic changes. No acute cardiothoracic process
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Subtle opacity obscuring the inferior most left heart border is new from prior exam, possibly a prominent fat pad. No convincing signs of pneumonia, CHF, effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Bony structures are intact. Impression: Probable epicardial fat pad accounting for subtle opacity obscuring the left heart border inferiorly. No convincing signs of pneumonia.']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable. The lung volumes are low. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Left basilar opacity has largely cleared. Elsewhere the lungs remain clear. Impression: Improved left basilar opacity.', 'Findings: There is a new small patchy opacity at the left lung base which could be a focal atelectasis or early developing pneumonia. The linear atelectasis or scarring at the lingula is similar to ___. There is no pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal size. Impression: There is a small patchy opacity at the left lung base which could be a focal atelectasis or early developing pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained demonstrating clear well expanded lungs without focal consolidation, effusion, pneumothorax.  No signs of CHF.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.  No signs of pneumomediastinum. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.', 'Find
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate clear, well-expanded lungs without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  No signs of pulmonary edema or CHF.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  Lungs are clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There are no pleural effusions. Impression: No pneumonia.', 'Findings: Much of the chest is obscured by overlying leads.  The lungs are clear without pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is normal in size, the mediastinal contours are normal.  There is no osseous abnormality. Impression: No acute chest pathology.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Coronary artery stents are noted. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.',
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No significant interval change.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The aorta is mildly tortuous and diffusely calcified.  The mediastinal and contours are otherwise unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or is present.  Compression deformities involving an upper and mid thoracic vertebral bodies appear unchanged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Moderate compression of a mid thoracic vertebral body indeterminate age, but new since ___. Impression: No focal consolidation.  Moderate compression of a mid thoracic vertebral body of indeterminate age, but new since ___.  Correlate with site
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Clips are noted in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: AP view of chest:  The heart, lungs, pleural surfaces, mediastinum, hilar contours are all normal. Impression: Normal radiograph.']
['Findings: AP upright view of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  Free air is seen below the diaphragms bilaterally.  There is mild bibasilar atelectasis. Impression: Pneumoperitoneum.  CT pending.', 'Findings:  Impression: Pneumoperitoneum is no longer evident.  Opacification at the lung bases, particular the left, could be due to atelectasis and pleural effusions alone, but should be followed to exclude aspiration.  The upper lungs are clear.  Heart is moderately enlarged.  Nasogastric tube ends in the stomach.', 'Findings:  Impression: Previous pulmonary edema which worsened on ___ has improved but residual consolidation in the lower lungs is concerning for pneumonia.  Small left pleural effusion has developed on the left, unchanged since ___.  Heart size is normal.  Nasogastric tube ends in the upper portion of a nondistended stomach.  .', 'Findings: NG tube tip terminates just beyond the GE junction with the
['Findings: Right lower lobe opacity is worrisome for pneumonia. The left lung is clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Thoracic scoliosis is again noted. Partially imaged cervical spine hardware is also noted. Impression: Right mid to lower lung opacity, worrisome for pneumonia.', 'Findings: Right lower lobe opacity is likely pneumonia.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The pulmonary vasculature and hila are normal.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  Mild scoliosis is unchanged.  The cervical hardware is again seen and intact. Impression: Right lower lobe pneumonia.', 'Findings: Overall, there has been no significant interval change. Again noted is thoracic scoliosis with relative asymmetry of the rib cage and pseudo hyperlucency of the left hand hemi thorax as compared to the right. Right hilar and infrahilar regions appear stable. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Hilar contours are stable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax
['Findings:  Impression: Moderate right pleural effusion, and vascular congestion in the lungs and mediastinum have worsened since ___.  Moderate to severe cardiomegaly is stable.  For pacer and/or defibrillator leads enter the heart,, but only the right atrial pacer and right ventricular pacer defibrillator leads are fully traceable, unchanged in their respective positions.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ chest radiograph, moderate right pleural effusion has slightly decreased in size with associated improving atelectasis and or consolidation the right base.  Right pleural catheter remains in place, and there is no definite pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study ___ ___, there is little overall change.  Persistent opacification at the right base, consistent with residual effusion and atelectatic changes.  Otherwise little change.', 'Findings: Lung volumes remain low.  Large-to-moderate right-sided pleural effusion persists despite the presence of a pigtail catheter which appears unchanged in position, projecting over the right lower hemithorax.
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes without pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unchanged.  Heart size is normal.  No pulmonary edema.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable.  Gallstone is noted in the right upper abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no evidence of free air. Visualized osseous structures are grossly intact. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiac silhouette is normal.  No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal consolidation is seen.  No evidence of free air beneath the diaphragms. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence of free air beneath the diaphragms.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The lung volumes are low.  The superior vena cava appears distended and there is mild bilateral hilar congestion, all suggesting mild fluid overload.  However, the lungs appear otherwise clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: Findings suggest mild fluid overload.']
['Findings: Lungs are clear.  Mediastinal and cardiac contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  CONCLUSION:  There are no acute cardiopulmonary findings. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with study of MK ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.']
['Findings: Support Devices: None.  The lungs are clear.  The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: No focal airspace opacity is seen.', 'Findings: AP and lateral upright chest radiograph demonstrates clear lungs bilaterally with no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion.  Prominence of the left hilum thought to reflect a tortuous descending aorta. The right heart border is obscured on the frontal view, which does not correlate to an abnormality on lateral view. This is thought to reflect atelectasis. Diffuse mild interstitial markings is identified with mild bronchial wall thickening within the lower lungs.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: Mild interstitial abnormality with mild bronchial wall inflammation. This may reflect early edema. No focal consolidation convincing for pneumonia is identified.', 'Findings: Right lower lobe opacity most likely represents atelectasis.  Mild cardiomegaly is stable since ___.  There is no new opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation or edema.  There are trace bilateral pleural effusions.  Previously seen right-sided central venous catheter is no longer visualized.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No free intraperitoneal air identified. Impression: Trace bilateral pleural effusions.  Otherwise unremarkable chest x-ray.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  Minimal biapical pleural thickening is again seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   Overlying EKG leads limit assessment. Patient is slightly leftward rotated.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process']
['Findings: The lungs are clear and hyperinflated.  There is flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The hilar and cardiomediastinal silhouettes are normal.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  There is mild biapical pleural thickening. Pectus excavatum of the anterior chest wall is noted. Impression: 1.  No evidence of pneumonia.    2.  Hyperinflation of the lungs suggestive of chronic obstructive lung disease.']
['Findings: There is probable background hyperinflation. There is moderate to moderately severe cardiomegaly, with fullness of the hila, similar to the prior study. There is upper zone redistribution and interstitial edema, consistent with CHF. There is patchy opacity at both lung bases. No gross effusion. Impression: 1. Cardiomegaly and interstitial edema. 2. Left lower lobe collapse and/or consolidation. 3. Patchy opacity right cardiophrenic region, similar to the prior film. This likely reflects atelectasis, been early infectious infiltrate would be difficult to exclude.']
['Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   Lung volumes are somewhat low though allowing for this the lungs appear clear. Multiple overlying lines are present which limit the evaluation somewhat. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The lungs are well inflated without evidence for pulmonary consolidation or pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence for acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  The monitoring and support devices are in constant position.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Unchanged small bilateral pleural effusions with subsequent atelectasis.  No newly appeared parenchymal opacities. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___, most recently 4:40 p.m.:  ET tube and enteric drainage tube in standard placements.  Left apical pleural tube in place.  Although there is no separation of the pleural surfaces in the left hemithorax with the patient supine, anterior pleural air could be present.  There is no mediastinal displacement.  The combination of right apical pulmonary contusion and extrapulmonary hematoma is relatively stable.  Left lower lobe atelectasis has improved.  Layering right pleural effusion is small if any.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette below the level of the sternal notch is normal.  Spinal fractures are not appreciated and multiple chest cage fractures are stable, as far as one can tell.', 'Findings:
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. Retrocardiac and left basilar atelectasis. Overall low lung volumes.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia, no pleural effusions.  Right internal jugular vein catheter is in unchanged position.', 'Findings: A right IJ central venous catheter is unchanged in position. There is no pneumothorax. Left basilar linear atelectasis has cleared. The lungs are clear. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits despite the projection. Impression: Resolved left basilar linear atelectasis. Clear lungs.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has been extubated and nasogastric tube was removed. The right internal jugular vein catheter was pulled back. The tip of the catheter now projects over the mid SVC.  No evidence of complications, notably no pneumothorax. Left basal atelectasis. Otherwise unremarkable lung parenchyma. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings:  Impression: Interval intubation with endotracheal tube in
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Cardiac silhouette size remains moderately enlarged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Patchy opacities in the lung bases likely reflect areas of atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Patient is status post right mastectomy.  No acute osseous abnormality is visualized.  Clips are also seen within the upper mid abdomen. Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs are well-expanded and clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits.  There is no pneumoperitoneum. Impression: No pneumoperitoneum.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiac
['Findings: Low lung volumes are present, which accentuates the size of the cardiac silhouette which is at least moderately enlarged.  Aortic arch calcifications are present.  Mild widening of the superior mediastinum is presumably due to low lung volumes.  There is crowding of the bronchovascular structures without overt pulmonary edema demonstrated.  Bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect atelectasis.  No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Low lung volumes.  Mild bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the endotracheal tube has been removed, as has the nasogastric tube.  Right IJ catheter remains in place.  Continued low lung volumes with stable cardiomegaly.  Pulmonary vascularity is only slightly elevated if at all.  Retrocardiac opacification is consistent with some atelectatic change in the left lower lobe. Impression: ', 'Findings: An ET tube terminates 3.3 cm above the carina.  An enteric tube courses below the diaphragm; however, the
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ radiograph at an earlier time, A new patchy opacity has developed at the right lung base and could potentially be due to clinically suspected acute aspiration.  No other relevant change']
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is detected.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Diffuse bilateral parenchymal opacities are seen, increased compared to the prior exam, right greater than left with blunting of the right costophrenic angles, likely secondary to small bilateral pleural effusions.  A right-sided Port-A-Cath is seen, terminating at the cavoatrial junction.  The cardiac silhouette is difficult to assess on the background of the parenchymal opacities. Impression: Interval increase in diffuse bilateral parenchymal opacities, which may be secondary to edema, infection or with ARDS.', 'Findings: There are diffuse bilateral parenchymal opacities, right worse than left.  Blunting of the lateral costophrenic angles is noted, potentially in part due to overlying soft tissues although small effusions are possible.  Cardiac silhouette is difficult to assess on background of parenchymal opacities.  Right chest wall port is seen with catheter tip projecting over the lower SVC. Impression: Diffuse bilateral parenchymal opacities, right worse than left.  This could be due to edema, bilateral infection versus ARDS.  Follow
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence of pneumothorax.']
['Findings: Heart size is borderline enlarged. The aorta is tortuous, and prominence of the aortic knob may partially be due to the presence of an aberrant right subclavian artery. There is crowding of the bronchovascular structures due to low lung volumes without overt pulmonary edema. Patchy opacities are demonstrated in the lung bases, more pronounced on the right which appear somewhat linear in configuration. These likely reflect areas of atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. A common bile duct stent is partially imaged in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: Bibasilar opacities most likely reflect atelectasis, particularly on the right which has a more linear configuration.', 'Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes are decreased. Streaky opacities in the right lung base with a linear configuration are improved from ___ and most likely reflect atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette remains top normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. No acute osseous abnormality detected. Impression: Improved right bas
['Findings: Dual lead left-sided pacemaker is seen with lead extending the expected positions of the right atrium and right ventricle.  The cardiac silhouette remains mildly enlarged.  The aorta is tortuous.  Mild prominence of the hila may be due to central pulmonary vascular engorgement.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary vascular congestion.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change in the appearance of the single lead pacer, which extends to the region of the apex of the right ventricle. Substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette continues, along with moderate pulmonary edema', 'Findings:  Impression: Temporary pacemaker has been introduced through left internal jugular vein terminating in the right ventricle. Cardiomegaly is substantial. Pulmonary edema is moderate.', 'Findings: Portable semi-upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates low lung volumes, which results in bronchovascular crowding.  There is moderate interstitial pulmonary edema. The
['Findings:  Impression: There is a new ET tube with tip 5 cm above the carina.  Lung volumes are low with compressive changes at the bases.  An early infiltrate particularly on the right cannot be excluded.', 'Findings: .  There is no strong evidence currently for pneumonia or cardiac decompensation.  Heart size is normal. Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Hyperinflation reflects emphysema.  Bronchial wall thickening and volume loss in the right upper lobe, and bronchial wall thickening in the right lower lobe are probably postinflammatory findings.  There is no strong evidence currently for pneumonia or cardiac decompensation.  Heart size is normal.', 'Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy, and multiple mediastinal surgical clips reflect prior thymoma resection.  Streaky bilateral paramediastinal, predominately upper lobe, fibrotic changes are compatible with prior radiation treatment as seen on the prior CT, and there may be mild central vascular congestion.  No pleural effusion is seen.  No focal consolidation or overt pulmonary edema is noted.  The heart is top-normal in size.  No intra
['Findings:  Impression: Lung volumes are normal. Minimal atelectasis in the posterior and lateral regions of the right lower lobe. Otherwise the lung parenchyma is unremarkable.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Mild elongation of the descending aorta.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax focal airspace consolidation.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  The hilar structures are unremarkable.  Symmetic apical thickening is present.  There is mild wedging of the upper lumbar spine which is better seen on the prior CT. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum, and pleural surfaces.  No evidence of infection or malignancy.']
['Findings: Comparison is made to the prior films from ___.  The endotracheal tube and feeding tube are again seen.  The cardiac silhouette is prominent.  There are low lung volumes with developing increased density at the bases.  This is likely due to atelectasis.  There is also persistent pulmonary vascular congestion. Impression: ', 'Findings: There is an endotracheal tube whose distal tip is 4.5 cm above the carina, appropriately sited.  The tip and side port of nasogastric tube is within the stomach.  The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits.  There is slight prominence of the pulmonary vascular markings. Impression: ']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are hyperinflated but clear.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal.  Aorta is tortuous post ascending and descending.  Lungs are essentially clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.', 'Findings: to suggest pneumonia or congestive heart failure.  Atherosclerotic calcification noted at the origin of head and neck vessel on the lateral view. Impression: Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.  There are no findings to suggest pneumonia or congestive heart failure.  Atherosclerotic calcification noted at the origin of head and neck vessel on the lateral view.', 'Findings: Multiple bilateral focal opacitiess concerning for pneumonia. No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. No cardiomegaly. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette, hila, and pleura. Mild tortuosity of the descending aorta. Impression: Multifocal pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with ___ from the office of Dr. ___, ___ referring provider,on the telephone on ___ at 4:08
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hila contours, and pleural surfaces are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable.  Osseous structures are grossly intact. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  No displaced fracture is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: No definite focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. The lung volumes remain low. Moderate cardiomegaly.  No larger pleural effusions.  No cystic changes.  No emphysema.  No pneumonia.  No pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The aorta is tortuous.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is visualized. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no pulmonary edema.  A right upper lobe calcified granuloma is again noted.  The heart is normal in size, and the mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: As compared to chest radiograph from the same day, Swan-Ganz catheter has been removed.  Right IJ catheter remains in the low SVC.  Endotracheal tube is in good position.  The nasogastric tube is not included in the field of view.  Slight increase in bibasilar opacities likely worsening atelectasis.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax. Impression: Right IJ catheter in the low SVC.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little interval change.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.  Mild left basilar atelectatic changes are again seen.  Calcified granuloma is noted
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well-expanded and clear lungs.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation.  Incidental note is made of a hypoplastic first right rib and joining of the left first and second ribs. Impression: 1.  Well-expanded clear lungs. 2.  Hypoplastic first rib on the right and joining of the first and second ribs on the left.  If the patient has symptoms of thoracic outlet syndrome, additional dedicated views of the first ribs is recommended.']
['Findings: Lungs are well-expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No evidence of mediastinal widening.']
['Findings: Surgical clips are noted in the cervical area.  There is a new large upper right mediastinal mass obliterating the right peritracheal stripe. There also appears to be increased density to the left of the trachea, which is less prominent.  The trachea is patent.  Heart size is normal.  The hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There is a C-shaped radiodensity overlying the left lower lung, which is likely in the breast.  There is no evidence of splenomegaly. Impression: New large right mediastinal mass and slight asymmetry of the left upper mediastinum.  Recommend CT to further evaluate.  NOTIFICATION:   Pertinent critical findings were posted by Dr. ___ ___ on ___ at 15:18 to the Department of Radiology online critical communications system for direct communication to the referring provider.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinum is normal.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumoth
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Some degenerative changes are seen along the spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is top normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Streaky opacities in the lung bases likely reflect atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Bibasilar streaky opacities, likely atelectasis.', 'Findings: which we discussed one minute later. Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Lung volumes are lower by little, which may mean that a new triangular opacity at the lateral aspect of the right lower lung is simple atelectasis.  Alternatively, it could be a focal infarction or infection.  There is no pulmonary edema.  The heart is normal size.  Pleural effusion is small if any.  Dr. ___ was paged at 10:45 a.m., 1 minute following recognition of the findings which we discussed one minute later.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low, causing bronchovascular crowding.  No clear focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia is seen.  An opacity at the right base appears plate-like and is felt to
['Findings: Patient is rotated to the right.  The right hemidiaphragm is elevated and there is overlying atelectasis and possible small right pleural effusion.  Difficult to exclude small left pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette is not well assessed but appears enlarged.  The aorta is unfolded. Impression: Bibasilar opacities, in part due to overlying soft tissue and elevated right hemidiaphragm.  Right base atelectasis.  Trace pleural effusion or subtle consolidation difficult to exclude.  No pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ chest radiograph, bilateral pleural effusions have increased in size and are small to moderate.  Worsening opacity at right lung base is associated with volume loss, favoring atelectasis over infectious pneumonia.', 'Findings: in the chest are little changed since ___.  Right lung base is still elevated, and there is at least atelectasis in the right lower lobe, although the area could hide a small pneumonia.  .  Left lung is grossly clear.  Pulmonary vasculature and mediastinal veins are mildly engorged
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Lungs are essentially clear.  Minimal bibasal atelectasis is noted.  Light PICC line tip is at the level of cavoatrial junction.', 'Findings: There are streaky bibasilar opacities.  Superiorly the lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  There is no free intraperitoneal air. Impression: Streaky bibasilar opacities likely atelectasis noting that infection is possible in the proper clinical setting.', 'Findings: There is an opacity at the right lung base that silhouettes the right heart border, suggestive of right middle lobe pneumonia.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.  No acute osseous abnormalities are identified.  There is no free air under the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Right middle lobe opacity, suspicious for pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:  Updated findings were telephoned to Dr. ___ by ___ ___ on ___ at 11:05am, approximately 2 minutes
['Findings: Moderate bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent compressive atelectasis are not significantly changed since recent CT although there is some redistribution. Reticulated opacity in the right mid and upper lung is slightly worse. The left upper lobe is relatively clear. The heart is partially obscured by pleural effusions and not well evaluated. The aortic knob is calcified. Pleural thickening at the right apex is re- demonstrated. There is no pneumothorax. Impression: 1. Persistent moderate bilateral pleural effusions are not significantly changed since recent CT 2. Reticulated opacity in the mid and upper right lung is worse concerning for persistent pneumonia', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest are provided.  There is mild interstitial edema with small bilateral effusions.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  There is no pneumothorax.  Mediastinal contour is normal aside from atherosclerotic calcifications along the aortic knob.  Bones appear demineralized but intact. Impression: Mild interstitial edema, small pleural effusions and mild cardiomegaly.', 'Findings:  Impression: Worsening pneumonia in the right upper
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___ views of the abdomen:  Newly placed nasogastric tube ends in the mild to moderately distended stomach.  It is possible that distention of upper small bowel loops has improved.  Lung volumes are quite low and there is at least a moderate degree of atelectasis in both lung bases.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are presumed, but not significant.  Heart size is top normal.  The upper mediastinum is widened, but in a fashion that could be due to fat deposition, perhaps due to steroid administration.', 'Findings: There has been interval placement of an NG tube with tip terminating in the stomach.  Otherwise there is been no significant interval change since the prior study with multiple dilated loops of bowel seen in the upper abdomen. Impression: NG tube with tip in the stomach.  Multiple dilated loops of bowel seen in the upper abdomen.', 'Findings: There relatively low lung volumes but no focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are slightly
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs ___ and ___.  Lung volumes have improved.  Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are low.  The heart is at the upper limits of normal size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: The heart size is normal. Coronary artery stenting is noted. Aortic knob is calcified. Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Multilevel degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly.  No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: The heart size, mediastinal, and hilar contours are normal.  The aortic knob is calcified, and coronary artery stents and calcifications are noted.  The lungs are clear without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.There are unchanged degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs on one ___.  Lateral view shows opacification projecting over the thoracic spine that could be early pneumonia, or atelectasis due to aspiration, side indeterminate.  Heart is normal size.  There is no pleural abnormality.  Azygos fissure noted. .']
['Findings:  Impression: ET tube tip as 3 cm above the carinal.  Heart size and mediastinum are unchanged overall in appearance as compared to previous portable radiographs but there is increase in the azygos vein as compared to ___, substantial and might potentially reflect volume overload.  Lungs are essentially clear.  There is no pleural effusion.', "Findings: An ET tube terminates 5.5 cm above the carina.  Lung volumes are generally low, but lungs are otherwise clear.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged.  No pulmonary vascular congestion or pulmonary edema.  A tube external to the patient, as confirmed by the patient's nurse, projects over the expected course a left-sided IJ might pass through.  The patient's nurse confirmed no central excess, only for peripheral IVs. Impression: An ET tube terminates 5.5 cm above the carina.", 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.'
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Cardiac silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no evidence of mediastinal widening or significant change.  Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged and there is evidence of elevated pulmonary venous pressure as well as increased opacification in the retrocardiac area with silhouetting of the hemidiaphragm consistent with volume loss in the left lower lobe and possible small effusion.  Central catheter tip remains in the lower SVC close to the level of the cavoatrial junction. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has undergone a left thoracocentesis.  The pleural effusion on the left has decreased.  Contour of the hemidiaphragm on the left is again visible.  There is no evidence of complications such as pneumothorax.  Minimal atelectasis at the left lung base persists.  The left PICC line is unchanged, the line projects over the right atrium and could be pulled back
['Findings: Minimal basilar atelectasis is seen.  There is no focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Valvular prosthesis and median sternotomy wires are noted with otherwise well expanded and clear lungs.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart is mildly enlarged. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
["Findings: The patient's chin overlies the right lung apex, partially obscuring the view. Given this, no focal consolidation is seen.  There is mild basilar atelectasis.  Slight blunting of the left costophrenic angle is chronic, similar in appearance seen back to ___, most likely representing pleural thickening.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis without definite focal consolidation.  The patient's chin overlies the right lung apex, partially obscuring the view.", 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is mild left base atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac, mediastinal, and hilar contours are stable. Impression: Mild left base atelectasis/scarring.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest.  Linear opacity at the left lung base laterally and posteriorly suggestive of atelectasis versus scarring.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal
['Findings: Interval placement of right-sided central venous catheter is seen with tip projecting over the mid to lower SVC.  There is no pneumothorax.  Otherwise, there has been no change noting relatively low lung volumes with grossly clear lungs. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are grossly clear.  Prominent soft tissue creates increased bibasilar opacities.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm is noted.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified, hypoplastic first ribs are noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided.  Lung volumes are low and evaluation is limited due to kyphotic deformity of the T-spine.  There is mild pulmonary edema.  Deformity of the left fifth, sixth, and seventh posterior ribs are of unclear chronicity.  No pneumothorax or large effusion is seen.  Given the low lung volumes, the possibility of a lower lobe consolidation is difficult to exclude.  The heart and mediastinal contour are grossly unremarkable. Impression: Pulmonary edema.  Left 5, 6, and seventh rib deformities, may represent acute fractures in the correct clinical setting.  Clinical correlation is advised.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Single AP upright portable view of the chest was obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: Top normal cardiac silhouette size.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is little if any engorgement of pulmonary vessels.  Opacification at the bases is consistent with atelectasis, much more prominent on the left. However, in view of the clinical history, the possibility of superimposed pneumonia would be difficult to exclude. If the condition of the patient permits, a lateral view could be helpful.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the patient has taken a much better inspiration. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no evidence of vascular congestion or pleural effusion. Atelectatic changes are seen at the left base.', "Findings: Again seen is a right subclavian central line with tip over proximal SVC. No pneumothorax detected.  Inspiratory volumes are low. Allowing for this, the heart is not enlarged. Apparent upper zone redistribution is likely accentuated by low inspiratory volumes. Doubt CHF.  There is patchy opacity at the right base medially and minimal atelectasis at the left base. Appearances at the right base are more pronounced than on ___
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Mild interstitial pulmonary edema is new. Lung volumes remain quite low and there is greater atelectasis at the right base.  Small pleural effusions are likely but not appreciably changed. Heart size is normal.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lung volumes are lower with new moderate bibasilar atelectasis. This may explain in part the increase in diameter of the cardiomediastinal silhouette, but increased intravascular volume is likely.  ET tube in standard placement. Esophageal drainage tube passes into the stomach and out of view. Pleural effusion is small if any. No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous image, the patient has been extubated and the nasogastric tube was removed. Lung volumes remain low. Bilateral areas of atelectasis and signs of mild fluid overload persist. Mild cardiomegaly. No larger pleural effusions. No interval appearance of focal parenchymal', 'Findings: There is an NG tube with the tip and side hole below the diaphragm.  There is a moderate size right pleural effusion, which persists
['Findings: Moderate cardiomegaly is improved from ___ study.  Pulmonary vascular congestion is stable without pulmonary edema.  New mild left lower lobe atelectasis is seen.  Biapical scarring is seen and unchanged. A tiny left pneumothorax is seen and in retrospect is unchanged in size when compared ___ study.  Left rib fractures are again seen and better evaluated on CT chest/abd/pelv of ___. Impression: 1. Stable tiny left apical pneumothorax. 2. Persistent mild pulmonary vascular congestion. 3. Focal left lower lobe atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___ most recently one ___.  Read in conjunction with chest CT on ___ performed elsewhere.  Previous study in ___ showed biapical scarring and considerable hyperexpansion.  Severe cardiomegaly is new, accompanied by pulmonary vascular congestion and probable small left pleural effusion.  Small pneumothorax seen on the chest CT yesterday is not apparent.  Transvenous right atrial right ventricular pacer leads continuous from the left pectoral generator.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: No focal opacity to suggest pneumonia is seen.  No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax is present.  The heart, mediastinal and pleural surface contours are normal. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are slightly low with linear left basilar opacity which is likely atelectasis.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  Cardiac silhouette is top-normal but likely accentuated by AP technique and low lung volumes.  Median sternotomy wires are intact.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lung volumes are low. Midline sternotomy wires are noted.  Allowing for low lung volumes, the lungs appear clear without focal consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax.  No signs of congestion or edema.  The heart is upper limits of normal.  Mediastinal contours unremarkable.  No bony abnormalities.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: As above.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison to ___ chest radiograph, cardiomegaly is accompanied by mild pulmonary vascular congestion and a persistent small left pleural effusion.  No new or worsening pulmonary opacities to suggest the presence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  There is a calcified lymph node along the aortopulmonary window.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable.  There is mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized.  The lungs appear clear.  The lower thoracic spine curves slightly to the left.  Vertebral body heights and interspaces appear essentially preserved in height. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low, which limits assessment.  The stomach is distended.  The right hemidiaphragm is elevated.  There is hazy bilateral vasculature, but it is unclear how much of this is due to poor inspiration.  Patchy areas of volume loss are seen bilaterally.  The right hilum is prominent, but it is unclear how much of this is due to low volumes. Impression: Low lung volumes limit assessment.  Pulmonary edema and infection are both possibilities.  Recommend followup to reassess the hilum when the patient is in more stable pulmonary status.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low, and there is volume loss at both bases, right hemidiaphragm is elevated.  The stomach is slightly distended.  There are multiple dilated loops of small bowel measuring up to 4 cm with air-fluid levels.  Only the superior portion of the abdomen can be visualized, and therefore assessment of small-bowel obstruction versus ileus cannot be made on this film. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: A portable view of the chest demonstrate a new Dobhoff ending in the mid stomach.  The Swan-Ganz catheter has been removed.  There is no significant change to a layering right pleural effusion.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Dobhoff ends in the mid stomach.  Otherwise, no significant interval change.    Findings were discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ by telephone on ___ at 09:45AM, ___ min after findings were made.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: The cardiac silhouette size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is unchanged.  There is a small right pleural effusion, similar in size compared to the previous exam.  Previously noted small left pleural effusion appears resolved.  Minimal linear and streaky opacities in the lung bases likely reflect atelectasis.  No focal consolidation
['Findings: Heart size cannot be assessed with certainty because of overlying pleural and pulmonary densities on the right side.  Probably no significant cardiac enlargement is present.  Thoracic aorta unremarkable.  A rounded density with an average diameter of close to 5 cm is seen in the right-sided paramediastinal position similar as noted on a preceding outside chest examination of ___.  Noteworthy is that at that time existing minor amount of pleural effusion that just blunted the lateral pleural sinus on the right side has now increased and reaches into the minor fissure and is increased along the right-sided lateral chest wall.  The lateral view confirms this assessment.  The left-sided hemithorax remains unremarkable and that includes the normal-appearing pleural space.  No pneumothorax is present.  Estimate of pleural effusion suggests 500 to 600 mL, provided that the densities are only caused by fluid, which in this patient with history of metastatic malignancy is questionable.. Impression: Moderately sized right-sided pleural density that has increased considerably since the next preceding outside chest examination dated ___.', 'Findings: No significant change in small right pneum
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lung volumes are slightly low resulting in bronchovascular crowding.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes and hilar contours are within normal limits allowing for lung volumes.  No displaced rib fracture is seen.  There is no air under the diaphragm. Impression: No evidence of acute intrathoracic injury.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  Right PICC tip is in the lower SVC, not significantly changed since prior.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is trace interstitial edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: Right PICC tip is in the lower SVC, not significantly changed since prior.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  The patient has received the new PICC line.  The course of the line is unremarkable, the tip of the line projects over the cavoatrial junction.  No complications, notably no pneumothorax.  Moderate elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  No pleural effusions.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is diffuse bilateral pulmonary opacifications most likely related to pulmonary edema.  However, in the appropriate clinical setting, would be difficult to unequivocally exclude superimposed pneumonia. A
['Findings: The cardiac silhouette size is mildly enlarged.  The aorta is slightly unfolded.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable.  Linear opacities in the left lung base likely reflect subsegmental atelectasis.  Remainder of the lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Left basilar subsegmental atelectasis.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well expanded, clear lungs. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation.  No displaced rib fractures. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.No displaced rib fractures.']
['Findings: Prior right lung consolidation is completely resolved.  Nodular opacity at the right base may reflect the nipple or less likely pulmonary nodule.  Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion but no frank pulmonary edema. Impression: 1.  Nodular opacity at the right base likely reflecting the nipple shadow. Confirmation with nipple markers and shallow oblique projections should be obtained. 2.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.  ___ to ___ at 9:30 am, ___, by phone, 2 hours after discovery']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta is noted. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of pneumonia, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette is normal in size. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormality is visualized. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The heart size is normal.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. A tortuous aorta is not calcified. Impression: Clear lungs.  Tortuous aorta, unusual for a patient of this age.  Query hypertension.']
['Findings: AP supine portable chest radiograph was obtained.  Diffuse pulmonary opacities raise concern for pulmonary edema.  No large effusion is seen.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears grossly unremarkable allowing for technique.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Findings concerning for pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates a vague opacity projecting over the right upper lung not clearly identified on the lateral.  Otherwise, lungs are clear without opacity.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no evidence of pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  No air under the right hemidiaphragm is identified. Impression: Vague right upper lung opacity, potentially technical.  Repeat PA suggested to ensure clearance.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Cardiomediastinal contour is notable for mild cardiomegaly.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs remain hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms.  Right basilar atelectasis is seen. There is subtle increase in interstitial opacity in the right upper to mid lung. No large pleural effusion is seen. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. The hilar contours are stable. Impression: Subtle opacity in the right upper to mid lung, possibly due to underlying infection. This finding is new as compared to the prior chest radiograph. Recommend followup to resolution.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change in the appearance of the heart and lungs. The opacification at the right base is again seen.', 'Findings: were conveyed to the nurse on service, ___. Unchanged appearance of the cardiac silhouette. Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, a new opacities visualized at the right lung bases.  The opacities rather ill-defined and consists of stripes, combines to an alveolar patent. In the appropriate clinical setting the changes are suggestive of pneumonia or aspiration. At the time of dictation and observation, 16:
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates clear lungs bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Biapical pleural thickening and nodularity is identified which appear symmetric. This is likely to reflect pleural parenchymal scarring. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures demonstrate no acute abnormality. No free air under the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No free air under the right hemidiaphragm. Biapical pleural thickening and nodularity likely reflective of pleural parenchymal scarring. If referable symptomatology exists, nonemergent Chest CT for further evaluation is recommended.']
['Findings: No previous images.  The heart is normal in size and there is no evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Osseous structures are grossly intact. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette is markedly enlarged and accompanied by pulmonary vascular engorgement and an asymmetrical perihilar airspace pattern, worse on the right than the left.  A few scattered septal lines are also demonstrated peripherally in the lungs.  No pleural effusions.  ICD is in place with lead terminating in the right ventricle.  Vascular calcifications are noted in the thoracic and abdominal aorta as well as in the right subclavian and axillary regions. Impression: Marked cardiac enlargement, accompanied by asymmetrical pulmonary edema pattern as described.']
['Findings:  Impression: Normal chest radiograph with no evidence of active or latent pulmonary tuberculosis infection.']
['Findings: Artifact from trauma board is present.  The lung volumes are low, accounting for some bronchovascular crowding, but there is no focal consolidation.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Although this study is limited for assessment of osseous structures, there is no evidence of rib fracture. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  Low lung volumes.']
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.']
['Findings:  Impression: Left subclavian infusion port ends in the upper SVC.  No pneumothorax mediastinal widening or pleural effusion.  Persistent cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion.  No edema, pleural effusion, or focal pulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The heart is moderately enlarged and is slightly larger than on the prior exam.  There is mild pulmonary vascular redistribution with increased interstitial markings likely representing an element of fluid overload.  There is no focal infiltrate. Impression: Slight fluid overload, increased compared to prior']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  An azygos fissure is a common normal variant.  Lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  A tiny radiopaque BB is seen projecting over the left lower hemithorax at the level of the medial anterior left seventh rib.  The anterior left seventh rib at this location is not well seen due to overlying soft tissue.  No displaced rib fracture is seen.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No definitive fracture seen; fracture seen on CT was better seen and evaluated on CT.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were provided.  No chf, focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Incidental note is made of a prominent fat pad in the anterior mediastinum inferiorly. No free air seen beneath the diaphragm.  Bones are grossly unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lower lung volumes seen on the current exam, accentuating degree of cardiomegaly which is not changed since prior.  Multiple abandoned epicardial leads and right-sided vascular stents are again noted.  There is no definite focal consolidation.  Increased interstitial markings are likely accentuated by AP technique and lower lung volumes.   No large effusion.  Radiopaque coil projects over the left axilla.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Likely stable degree of cardiomegaly. No definite focal consolidation.', 'Findings: Cardiomegaly is mild, slightly improved since prior.  Pulmonary vascular markings are prominent compatible with congestion.  Small opacity at the lateral right lung base may represent atelectasis or consolidation.  No pneumothorax or substantial pleural effusion.  A coil in the left axilla is new.  Multiple medical devices, including epicardial leads of anterior abdominal wall pacer, SVC stent, and right brachiocephalic stent are in similar position to prior.  Rugger ___ appearance of the lumbar vertebral bodies is similar to prior and compatible with hyperparathyroidism, which may be secondary to
['Findings: Lung volumes are very low.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected on this single view.  A calcified left upper lobe granuloma is noted. The aorta is tortuous and calcified.  Heart size is difficult to evaluate in the setting of very low lung volumes. Impression: Low lung volumes, limiting evaluation of the mid and lower lungs.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the pigtail catheter is stable at the left base.  Little change in the degree of partially loculated pleural effusion with no evidence of post procedure pneumothorax.  The right lung remains clear.', 'Findings:  Impression: Left pigtail catheter is in place but there is interval increase in left pleural effusion, moderate to large, at least in part loculated.  Heart size and mediastinum are overall stable.  Lungs are overall essentially clear with no new consolidations seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest CT ___.  Enlarged left pleural effusion occupies the lower half of the left hemi thorax but may be slightly smaller now than prior to insertion of the left basal pigtail drainage catheter.  Left lower lobe and lingula are collapsed.  No pneumothorax.  Cardiac silhouette is obscured, but was not enlarged on the chest CT.  Right lung is clear.  No right pleural abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there appears to be some increasing pleural fluid
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest ___ at 20:08 are submitted. Impression: Lungs remain well inflated without evidence of focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No pleural effusions, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum unremarkable. Left PICC line tip is at the level of mid SVC. Lungs are essentially clear. No pneumothorax is seen.']
['Findings:  Impression: Bronchial coils have not migrated. There is new heterogeneous opacification in those segments peripheral to coils in. This could be retained secretions or hemorrhage. Lungs elsewhere are unchanged including severe emphysema. Heart is normal size. Pleural effusion minimal if any. No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the hemidiaphragms, compatible with severe emphysema.  Bilateral endobronchial coils are intact and unchanged in position.  Interval increase in infrahilar opacities, particularly in the left, as well as lingula may suggest hemorrhage or developing pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinum is not widened. No pneumothorax or effusion.  Blunting of the left costophrenic angle is likely pleural thickening/scarring. Bilateral apical pleural thickening is unchanged.  Slight levoconvex scoliosis is unchanged. Impression: Severe emphysema', 'Findings:  Impression: Since the prior chest x-ray of
['Findings:  Impression: Right internal jugular line ends in the mid SVC. A left trans jugular hemodialysis catheter ends in the right atrium.  Heart is borderline enlarged unchanged since ___.  Lungs are clear and there is no pleural effusion.', 'Findings: The endotracheal tube is in satisfactory position 4.3 cm from the carina.  An enteric tube courses below the diaphragm with the tip out of the field of view.    Again, there is blunting of the left costophrenic angle, likely due to small effusion.  There is no right effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  There is mild vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema, improved from the prior exam.  There is minimal left basilar atelectasis.  There is no focal airspace opacity to suggest a pneumonia.  The mediastinal contours are normal. The heart size is at the upper limits of normal. Impression: 1.  Small left pleural effusion. 2.  Interval improvement in the mild vascular congestion.', 'Findings: The patient is intubated.  The endotracheal tube
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: A punctate 3 mm nodular radio density projecting over the lateral right upper lung is stable since ___ and most likely represents a granuloma. No focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable as compared to ___. No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. 3 mm nodular radiopaque structure projecting over the lateral right upper lung most likely represents a granuloma.', 'Findings: The heart size is normal. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.', 'Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is cardiomegaly,  pulmonary vascular congestion, and bilateral hazy opacities, consistent with mild pulmonary edema.  Calcified granulomas in the right upper lobe are again seen. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are within normal limits.  The trachea is central.  The cardiomediastinal contour is unchanged.  There is mild prominence of the bilateral hila with prominence of the pulmonary vasculature and haziness consistent with pulmonary vascular congestion.  No overt pulmonary edema seen. No lobar consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion seen. Impression: Findings consistent with pulmonary vascular congestion, no overt pulmonary edema seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change is noted.  Mild pulmonary edema is still present.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  Mild elongation of the descending aorta.  No pneumonia, no pleural effusions.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Normal lung volumes.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Known calcified granuloma in
['Findings: There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: No previous images.  No definite evidence of free intraperitoneal gas.  However, this is a supine view, on which it is extremely difficult to demonstrate pneumoperitoneum.  If there is serious clinical concern for this complication, CT would be recommended. Impression: ']
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Degenerative changes are seen along the spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  The cardiac, hilar, and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the endotracheal tube and gastrointestinal to been removed.  There is still is substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with some decrease in the pulmonary edema.  There also appears to be some improvement in the degree pleural effusion and compressive atelectasis at the bases.', 'Findings:  Impression: Mild interstitial pulmonary edema has improved minimally since ___. Severe cardiomegaly and mediastinal widening due at least in part to vascular engorgement are chronic but also slightly improved. No focal pulmonary abnormality. Pleural effusion is minimal if any. .', 'Findings:  Impression: With the chin in neutral position, tip of the endotracheal tube, 10 mm above the carina, it is 2-3 cm below standard position.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are present, and bibasilar atelectasis is better appreciated on the chest CT. . Most of the severe mediastinal widening is due to fat deposition. Heart is moderately enlarged.  Aortic valvular and atherosclerotic coronary calcification noted on the chest CT.', 'Findings: An
['Findings: No focal consolidation is seen.  There is minor basilar atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size remains mildly enlarged.  The aorta is diffusely calcified.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  The pulmonary vascularity is not engorged.  Minimal left basilar atelectasis is noted.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine are again seen. Impression: Mild left basilar atelectasis.  No congestive heart failure.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  When compared to most recent exam from ___, there has been improvement in bibasilar opacities which was more prominent on the right than on the left.  These, however, were not present in ___. Superiorly, the lungs are clear.  Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged.  Dense atherosclerotic calcifications seen in the aorta.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: Persistent but improved bibasilar opacities compared to ___.  These could be in part due to scar or atelectasis given lower lung volumes although underlying infection or aspiration would be difficult to exclude.'
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the nasogastric tube extends well into the stomach.  Endotracheal tube remains in good position.  There is an area of increased opacification at the left base.  Although this may merely reflect atelectasis, the possibility of aspiration or even developing pneumonia should be considered.  No vascular congestion.  The right lung is clear. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, patient has taken a better inspiration.  There is an area of increased opacification in the retrocardiac area that could represent the pneumonia described in the clinical history.  Blunting of the costophrenic angle could be a manifestation of some pleural effusion.  Monitoring and support devices remain in place and there is no appreciable vascular congestion. Impression: ', 'Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in semi-upright position.  The patient remains intubated, the ETT terminating in the trachea 5 cm above the level of the carina.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Heart size remains unchanged.  No increased pulmonary congestion. The on the next previous examination of ___
['Findings: The lungs are relatively well expanded. There is no focal airspace opacity to suggest pneumonia. The heart is not enlarged. Mediastinal hilar contours are normal. Surgical clips project over the right lower hemithorax.  Subdiaphragmatic free air is not unexpected following abdominal surgery. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Subdiaphragmatic free air not unexpected following laparoscopic procedure. 2. This study is suboptimal for evaluation of postoperative bleeding. Consider CT if clinically indicated.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the appearance of the heart and lungs is essentially unchanged with no evidence of pneumothorax.  The tip of the endotracheal tube is approximately 4.5 cm above the carina.  Nasogastric tube extends at least to the mid to lower portion of the stomach.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Right lung is clear.  Subtle opacity in the left lower lung could represent a very early pneumonia in the correct clinical setting.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart appears top-normal in size.  Mediastinal contours unremarkable.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Possible left lower lobe pneumonia.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lungs are mildly hyperinflated.  The lung fields are clear. There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable.  A rounded opacity projecting over the anterior aspect of two mid to lower  thoracic vertebral bodies is only seen on the lateral view and likely represents osteophytosis. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality  2.  A rounded opacity overlying the mid to lower thoracic spine likely represents osteophytosis and less likely a discrete lung nodule projecting over the spine.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Nonemergent repeat lateral and shallow oblique radiographs are recommended for further assessment of a rounded opacity seen on the lateral view.  NOTIFICATION:  An e-mail was sent to the ED QA nurses on ___ at 08:07 by Dr. ___ with the updated impression and recommendation.']
['Findings: Increased interstitial markings are seen bilaterally.  Retrocardiac opacity is noted likely secondary to atelectasis.  There is no effusion.  Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged.  Tortuosity of the thoracic aorta which is moderately calcified is noted.  Degenerative changes seen at the shoulders.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Interstitial edema.  Retrocardiac opacity, likely atelectasis noting that infection cannot be entirely excluded.']
['Findings:  Impression: Right PIC line ends in the mid SVC. New pulmonary edema is mild, pleural effusions are small, and mild cardiomegaly is chronic.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there again are relatively low lung volumes with prominence of the transverse diameter of the heart. Elevated pulmonary venous pressure, and bilateral pleural effusions with compressive basilar atelectasis. The right PICC line remains in unchanged position.', 'Findings:  Impression: Right PICC line tip is at the level of lower SVC. Heart size and mediastinum are grossly stable. Bilateral pleural effusions, bibasal atelectasis and mild vascular enlargement are similar. Apical pneumothorax on the left cannot be excluded and attention to this area on the subsequent study is required', 'Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy, CABG, aortic valve replacement, and vascular stenting.  Heart size is mildly enlarged with a left ventricular predominance.  The aorta is unfolded.  The hilar contours are normal.  There is no pulmonary vascular
['Findings: Lung volumes are low, resulting in crowding of bronchovascular structures. There is bibasilar atelectasis.  There is no focal consolidation.  Heart is normal size. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis with low lung volumes.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are slightly lower compared to the previous exam.  Heart size is top normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Minimal patchy left lower lobe opacity likely reflects atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: Minimal left lower lobe patchy opacity, likely atelectasis, without focal consolidation.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  The mediastinum is not widened. There is no pulmonary edema. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___, patchy and linear left lower lobe opacities are new.  This could reflect focal atelectasis, aspiration, or developing pneumonia. Lungs are otherwise clear.', 'Findings: Right-sided dialysis catheter again terminates at the lower SVC/ cavoatrial junction slightly more proximal in position as compared to the prior study. . Patchy left base retrocardiac opacity this could be due to atelectasis, infection, are aspiration. No large pleural effusion is seen. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: Patchy left base opacity, new since the prior study, could be due to evolving pneumonia, atelectasis, or aspiration.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Right IJ access dialysis catheter is noted with its tip in the region of the low SVC/ cavoatrial junction. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest radiographs:  Heart size top normal.  Lungs clear.  No pulmonary vascular abnormality.  The hila and pleural surfaces are normal.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change.  The right PICC line has been removed.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Compared to the prior study there is no significant interval change. Impression: No change.', 'Findings:  Impression: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  There are no focal consolidations, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. There are no pneumothoraces.', 'Findings: Minimal bibasilar atelectasis is noted.  No focal consolidations are seen.  The tip of a right PICC line is seen in the mid SVC.  The heart size is normal.  No pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___.  New right transjugular central venous infusion catheter ends in the mid SVC.  No pneumothorax pleural effusion or
['Findings:  Impression: Radiograph centered at the thoracoabdominal junction was obtained to document placement of a nasogastric tube, which terminates within the stomach.  Markedly distended loops of small bowel are consistent with history of small bowel obstruction on recent CT abdomen study performed approximately 3 hr earlier and dictated separately.  Assessment of the lung bases is remarkable for bibasilar atelectasis, right greater than left.']
['Findings:  Impression: Patient has had median sternotomy. Heart is borderline enlarged, but pulmonary vasculature is normal and there is no pulmonary edema or pleural effusion. Trachea is deviated to the left and mildly indented by what is most likely a right thyroid nodule, perhaps containing calcification.']
['Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process']
['Findings: No previous images.  The heart is normal in size and there is no vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute pneumonia. Impression: ']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  The mediastinum is not widened. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no focal lung consolidation. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable.  The hilar contours are also stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  Several punctate calcified nodular opacities are seen scattered in the right lung corresponding to findings on CT examination.  Lungs are otherwise clear.  Mediastinal contour, hila, and cardiac silhouette are normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of traumatic injury within the limits of plain radiography.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  The lungs are clear bilaterally.  The heart is top normal in size.  No effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Top normal heart size.  Otherwise, normal.']
['Findings: A right-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates in the low SVC.  The nasogastric tube and side-hole course below the left hemidiaphragm and terminate in the left upper quadrant in the region of the stomach.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  Right apical atelectasis or scarring is noted.  Right basilar atelectasis is also present, along with a small pleural effusion as noted on the prior CT abdomen.  No focal consolidation or pneumothorax. Impression: The NG tube courses below the left hemidiaphragm and terminates in the left upper quadrant, in the region of the stomach.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Midline sternotomy wires are noted. Bilateral upper lobe consolidation is noted with a cavitary lesion in the left upper lobe. Given history of recent TB treatment, findings are highly concerning for active tuberculosis. Lower lungs are well aerated. The heart size is top-normal. Mediastinal contours unremarkable. No calcified lymph nodes are evident. Bony structures are intact. Impression: Bilateral upper lobe opacities with a cavitary lesion in the left upper lung concerning for active tuberculosis.  NOTIFICATION:  Findings were discussed with Dr. ___ at the time of initial review by Dr. ___']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Minimal patchy opacity in the right lower lobe may reflect an area of developing infection. Left lung is clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormalities seen. Impression: Minimal right lower lobe patchy opacity may reflect an area developing infection.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  No left apical mass-like consolidation with evidence of fibrotic traction.  Clips projecting over the left axilla and left breast.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pleural effusions. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are fully expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal. Pleural surfaces are normal.  Surgical clips projecting over the left breast and left axilla reflecting prior breast surgery.  Stable postradiation changes in the left apex. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Surgical clips project about the left lateral chest wall in the left breast, as before.  The left lung shows similar mild volume loss with focal opacity at the medial left lung apex with a patchy distribution, similar to prior examinations allowing for differences in technique.  The right lung remains clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The bony structures appear within normal limits. Impression: Similar left apical opacities.  If more detailed comparison for change is needed
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.  NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ ___ on the telephoneon ___ at 11:59 AM, 3 minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings:  Impression: Large hiatal hernia is re- demonstrated.  Mediastinal contour is stable.  Right basal consolidation is new concerning for aspiration or pneumonia.  Upper lungs are clear.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, allowing for the AP portable technique, there is probably little overall change.  There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragmatic contour with blunting of the costophrenic angle, possibly related to the extensive surgical fixation of previous fracture dislocation of the proximal left humerus.  No definite vascular congestion or acute focal pneumonia or pneumothorax.']
['Findings: The NG tube is in the mid esophagus, too high, recommend advancement.  The ET tube, left subclavian line, and mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm are unchanged.  There continues to be pulmonary vascular redistribution, but overall the parenchymal opacities are improved. Impression: NG tube in mid esophagus.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, there is no change in the appearance of the left subclavian PICC line, which again extends well into the left internal jugular system.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Dobhoff tube tip isout of view, below the diaphragm.  Moderate cardiomegaly is stable.  Mild pulmonary edema is stable.  There is no pneumothorax.  there are small bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings: Left PICC terminates in the lower SVC.The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable . Impression: Left P
['Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  Normal appearance of the lung parenchyma.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  No evidence of lung nodules or masses.  There is symmetrical increase in radiodensity at both lung bases is caused by soft tissue overlay.  No larger pleural effusions. Impression: ', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Minimal streaky opacities in the lung bases likely reflect atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.  Clips are seen within the upper abdomen. Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis.  Otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The feeding tube tip is in the distal stomach there remainder the appearance of the lungs are unchanged.  The right CP angles off the film Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Dubhoff  tube passes below the diaphragm with its tip not included in the field of view.  Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Lungs are essentially clear except for bibasal atelectasis which are new and might reflect developing infectious process or aspiration.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are normal. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures. . No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema. No pleural effusions. Impression: Normal chest radiograph without evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: Feeding tube is again seen with tip off the film, at least in the stomach.  Heart is minimally enlarged.  There is no focal infiltrate or effusion Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum, and pleural surfaces. No evidence of intrathoracic malignancy or infection.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Again, low lung volumes are seen.  The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion, or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected.  Surgical clips in the right upper quadrant suggest prior cholecystectomy. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is mildly enlarged. The aorta is unfolded. Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. There is minimal atelectasis in the right middle lobe.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pulmonary edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized osseous structures are grossly intact. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Right PICC line tip is at the level of lower SVC. Heart size and mediastinum are stable in appearance including tortuosity of the descending aorta. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: Tip of endotracheal tube terminates 4 cm above the carina, and a nasogastric tube terminates in the fundus of the stomach.  Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Lungs are clear except for linear bibasilar atelectasis, right greater than left.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal. The aorta is tortuous. Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Streaky opacities in the lung bases likely reflect atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Streaky bibasilar opacities, most reflective of atelectasis.', 'Findings: Lower lung volumes seen on the current exam with more conspicuous streaky bibasilar opacities, likely atelectasis. Superiorly, the lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Right lateral electronic device with leads likely within posterior soft tissues of the back. Impression: Bibasilar opacities likely atelectasis, no definite acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: A vagal nerve stimulator is implanted in the left anterior chest wall with leads leading to the left thoracic inlet.  There is no evidence of lead disconnection or breakage.  Heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The bony structures are grossly unremarkable. Impression: Vagal nerve stimulator implanted in the left anterior chest wall without breaks or disconnections of the leads.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal appearance of the hilar and mediastinal structures.  On the frontal image, no abnormality in the lung parenchyma is noted.  On the lateral image, however, there is a so called spine sign, with an increase in density of the lung parenchyma at the level of the lower lobes.  In the appropriate clinical setting, this can potentially indicate the presence of an infectious process at the level of the lower lobes.  There are no pleural effusions.  Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  No pneumothorax.  The observation was made at 11:25 a.m., ___, and at the same time point, Dr. ___ was paged for notification. Impression: ', "Findings: Previously appreciated mild and diffuse increase in the lung parenchymal density in the lower lobes causing a so-called spine sign is no more appreciated on the today's radiograph.  Lungs are clear without any new opacities of concern.  Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Both pleural spaces are normal.
['Findings: 2-cm triangular basal opacity is only seen on lateral view overlying lower thoracic spine, of indeterminate significance and may represent artifact or chest wall superimposed density.  The rest of the exam is unremarkable.  Mediastinal and cardiac contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  CONCLUSION: Triangular opacity overlying lower thoracic spine is only visible on the lateral view and is of indeterminate significance.  This could be further assessed with lateral oblique views or a CT scan if preferred.  This has been submitted to the radiology dashboard for direct notification of referring physician. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are obtained.  There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal to mildly enlarged.  There is mild fullness of the central pulmonary vasculature due to pulmonary vascular engorgement.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  The aortic arch is calcified. Degenerative changes are seen along the spine as well as at the right acromioclavicular joint and shoulder. Impression: Mild central pulmonary vascular engorgement without overt pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  There is mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm which may in part be positional. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There is no visualized pneumothorax based on this supine film.  There is an oblong 2cm opacity projecting over the right mid lung.
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Lungs and pleural surfaces are clear.  Mild elevation of left hemidiaphragm is probably related to adjacent distension of the stomach and splenic flexure.  Lucency below the left hemidiaphragm is likely related to air within the stomach. Impression: 1. No radiographic evidence of congestive heart failure or pneumonia.  2.  Lucency below left hemidiaphragm is likely due to air within a distended stomach.  If there is clinical suspicion for free intraperitoneal air, standard lateral chest radiograph or left lateral decubitus abdominal view would be recommended.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.  Gas-filled bowel is noted projecting under the diaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Chest, PA and lateral radiographs demonstrate tortuous or generally widened though not focally aneurysmal aorta.  Otherwise, mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Heart size is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax evident. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding similar study of ___.  The heart size appears at the upper limit of normal variation.  There is a relative prominence of the left ventricular contour to the left posteriorly, but there is no sign of left atrial enlargement.  The thoracic aorta is generally widened and elongated, but does not demonstrate any local contour abnormality.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  No signs of acute or chronic parenchymal infiltrates are present and the lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free.  No pneumothorax in apical area.  Skeletal structures of the thorax grossly unremarkable.  When comparison is made with the next preceding chest
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest.  Low lung volumes are again noted.  The lungs however are clear without effusion or consolidation.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Tortuosity of the aorta is again noted.  The no acute osseous abnormality detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study ___ ___, the right PICC line has been pulled back so that the tip lies in the lower portion of the SVC. Retrocardiac opacification persists, most likely related to a combination of atelectasis and pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  Heart size is borderline enlarged, and accentuated due to the low inspiratory lung volumes.  The aorta remains mildly tortuous.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Low lung volumes.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The patient is rotated to the left.  There
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. The bones are intact. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.  On the lateral view, calcifications projecting over the proximal thoracic aorta could be coronary artery or aortic valve.  Clinical correlation advised.  RECOMMENDATION(S):   On the lateral view, calcifications projecting over the proximal thoracic aorta could be coronary artery or aortic valve. Clinical correlation advised.', 'Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contours, hila, and pleura are unremarkable. Mild dilatation and tortuosity of the descending aorta, stable since at least ___. No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: 1. No cardiomegaly.  2.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy.  Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', "Findings: Low lung volumes accentuate the cardiac silhouette and bronchovascular structures.  Subtle perihilar opacities may potentially be due to vascular crowding in the setting of low lung volumes, but differential diagnosis includes fluid overload and atypical pneumonia.  Short-term followup radiographs with improved inspiratory level would be helpful for further evaluation when the patient's condition permits. Impression: ", 'Findings:  Impression: Worsened opacification at the lung bases, particularly the left follows tracheal extubation, presumably atelectasis, but warranting followup evaluation to exclude aspiration pneumonia.  Another phenomenon of tracheal extubation is a slight increase in heart size and pulmonary vascularity, but there is no edema. No pneumothorax. Right jugular line ends in the region of the tr
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hila, and pleura are unremarkable.  There is probable eventration of the right hemidiaphragm.  Surgical clips project in the right upper abdomen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Again seen is a large hiatal hernia, overall stable compared to the prior exam.  There is stable moderate cardiomegaly.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  No focal consolidations concerning for infection is identified.  There is a plate-like opacity in the left lower lobe consistent with atelectasis.  There is no evidence of pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.  A right subclavian infusion port ends in the low SVC.  There is a stable well-healed right-sided fourth rib fracture.  Degenerative changes are again seen throughout the spine. Impression: Left lower lobe atelectasis.  No focal consolidations concerning for infection identified.', 'Findings: A venous catheter terminates in the superior vena cava.  The heart is at the upper limits of normal size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  Multifocal streaky opacities appear unchanged in the left lung, indicating scarring.  New linear opacities in the right mid to lower lung suggest minor atelectasis or scarring.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
['Findings: There has been interval decrease in reticular opacities suggesting improvement of pulmonary edema.  No confluent consolidation is identified.  There is no pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged from prior.  Median sternotomy wires appear intact.  A prosthetic aortic valve is again noted. Impression: Interval decrease in pulmonary edema as compared to prior examination.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged.  There is increased prominence of the bilateral hila with extensive reticulonodular opacifications with a slightly central predominance.  There is stable blunting of the right costophrenic angle likely due to a trace pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax evident.  Sternotomy sutures are midline and intact.  Evidence of prior mitral valve repair. Impression: Diffuse reticulonodular opacifications with slightly central predominance likely represent interstitial edema; however, atypical infection is a consideration.  Please correlate with lab values.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with pulmonary
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the tip of the endotracheal tube now measures approximately 4.5 cm above the carina.  Otherwise little change.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal and the lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest show slightly smaller lung volumes than seen on the prior study from ___.  Linear perihilar atelectasis noted in the right upper lobe with no consolidation seen suggesting pneumonia.  Heart and mediastinal structures and bony structures show no significant interval change.  CONCLUSION:  No pneumonia seen to account for leukocytosis. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: Lungs are fully expanded and clear, with no scarring or consolidation to suggest prior or active tuberculosis, except for possible granulomatous calcification in the left midlung and possibly in left hilar lymph nodes.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are otherwise unremarkable.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs and pleural surfaces are clear. Impression: No evidence of active or latent pulmonary tuberculosis infection.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: A previously seen retrocardiac opacity is improved on this examination.  No new focal parenchymal opacity to suggest pneumonia is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There may be mild vascular congestion, however, no frank pulmonary edema is seen.  The heart size is accentuated by AP technique and likely at the upper limits of normal.  A ureteral stent is partially imaged. Impression: ']
['Findings: A frontal upright view of the chest was obtained portably.  Low lung volumes result in bronchovascular crowding.  The nasogastric tube ends in the stomach.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is accentuated by low lung volumes and portable technique. Impression: Nasogastric tube ends in the stomach.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. Lung volumes are low. The heart remains mildly enlarged with a left ventricular configuration. There is mild interstitial pulmonary edema without large effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinal contour stable. Bony structures intact. Impression: Cardiomegaly with mild edema.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Relatively low lung volumes are seen.  The lungs remain clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable, noting a tortuous thoracic aorta.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with study of ___, there is some increasing opacification at the left base, most likely consist assistant with atelectasis and pleural effusion.  However, in the appropriate clinical setting, superimposed pneumonia would have to be considered. Continued enlargement of cardiac silhouette without vascular congestion.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are remarkable for a tortuous thoracic aorta. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear except for a subtle new opacity at the left lung base posteriorly overlying the spine on the lateral radiograph.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Asymmetrical degenerative changes at the first left costochondral junction appear unchanged. Impression: New posterior basilar segment left lower lobe opacity could reflect an early or resolving pneumonia.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Followup chest radiograph in 4 weeks to document resolution.  NOTIFICATION:   The impression and recommendation above was entered by Dr. ___ on ___ at 10:37 into the Department of Radiology critical communications system for direct communication to the referring
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no change. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or old tuberculous disease.']
['Findings: Slight increase in interstitial markings bilaterally, right greater than left, could be due to minimal interstitial edema versus chronic lung disease, less likely atypical pneumonia.  No lobar consolidation seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  Hilar contours are stable.  Likely left hilar calcified nodes again noted. Impression: Slight increase in interstitial markings bilaterally since ___, right greater than left, could be due to minimal interstitial edema versus chronic lung disease, less likely atypical pneumonia.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest show persistent low lung volumes without pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal in size but stable.  Left hilar densities are unchanged from the preceding radiograph and likely represent calcified lymph nodes.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. A surgical clip anterolateral to the right hilum is stable.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified; however, the lower lateral ribs are excluded from
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No signs of pneumonia or other acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, there has been placement of a nasogastric tube that extends well into the stomach.  Otherwise little change. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lung volumes are low.  There is crowding of the vascular structures and at the lung bases.  The left costophrenic sinus, potentially caused by a minimal left pleural effusion.  Mild atelectasis at the left lung base.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without overt pulmonary edema.  No evidence of pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there has been placement of an endotracheal tube with its tip approximately 4 cm above the carina.  There are lower lung volumes with atelectatic changes bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of mediastinal air.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and well-aerated lungs, which are clear. Flattened diaphragms are suggestive of emphysematous disease. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The visualized upper
['Findings: The heart size is slightly enlarged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs demonstrate a consolidative airspace opacity affecting primarily the left lung base.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Left lower lobe pneumonia. 2.  Mildly enlarged heart, possibly within normal limits, but a pericardial effusion cannot be excluded; correlate with ultrasound findings.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The contour corresponding to left atrial appendage appears mildly prominent.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  The visualized thoracolumbar spine demonstrates mild S-shaped curvature. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Possible enlargement of the left atrial appendage.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.  Minimal patchy atelectasis is noted in the lung bases without focal consolidation.  Mild hypertrophic changes are seen in the thoracic spine. Impression: Minimal atelectasis in the lung bases.  Otherwise, no radiographic evidence for pneumonia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were reviewed. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Lungs are well expanded without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  Mild interstitial abnormality is likely chronic and most commonly seen in cigarette smokers or asthmatics. There is no pneumoperitoneum. Impression: No pneumoperitoneum or other acute process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison to ___ chest radiograph, heart size remains normal, and lungs are well expanded and grossly clear.  Interval replacement of feeding tube, coursing below the diaphragm.', 'Findings:  Impression: There no prior chest radiographs available for review.   Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.', 'Findings: Cardiac size is normal.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  ET tube is in standard position Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality', 'Findings: Subtle right upper lobe opacity may be due to overlap of structures versus a small pneumonia.  No definite focal consolidation is seen elsewhere.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Nipple shadows are incidentally noted. Impression: Subtle right upper lobe opacity may be due to overlap of structures versus a small pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Lungs are overall clear except for left
['Findings: The patient is status post coronary artery bypass graft surgery.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: Cardiac size is top-normal. The aorta is tortuous. Patient is status post CABG. . The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Sternal wires are aligned. Lumbar hardware is partially imaged . Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities', 'Findings:  Impression: Left basal new atelectasis.  In the absence of appreciable reason for atelectasis, assessment with chest CT might be considered to exclude the possibility of obstruction.  Alternatively, atelectasis due to elevation of left hemidiaphragm might be a possibility as there is a known reason for left hemidiaphragm elevation.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are reduced, with elevation of the right hemidiaphragm noted. Left-sided dual-chamber pacemaker device is present with leads terminating in right atrium and right ventricle.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  The aorta demonstrates calcifications of the aortic knob and appears mildly tortuous.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable.  Minimal atelectasis is seen within the right lung base.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized. No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: Low lung volumes with elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and minor right basilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  Calcified granuloma in the mid left lung.  No other relevant findings.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Severe cardiomegaly is chronic, as is pulmonary vascular engorgement and re-distribution, but I do not see pulmonary edema, and since ___ small bilateral pleural effusions have gotten smaller still.  No pneumothorax.  Transvenous right atrial and ventricular pacer leads in standard placements.  LAD coronary stent noted.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are normally expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No subdiaphragmatic free air is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. The lungs are clear.  Cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  Hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  No pleural effusion.  No evidence of pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  Unremarkable appearance of the lung parenchyma.  No evidence of recent or non-recent TB. Impression: ']
['Findings: further assessed with a  nonurgent CT.   ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT HISTORY:  Hyperglycemia.  TECHNIQUE:  Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  COMPARISON:  None.  FINDINGS:  The clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged.  There is prominence of the AP window and underlying lymphadenopathy is not excluded. Impression: Clear lungs without focal consolidation.  Prominence at the AP window, underlying lymphadenopathy not excluded.  Assess further with a nonurgent chest CT.']
['Findings: Subtle opacity in the right lower lobe is consistent with early pneumonia or early aspiration pneumonitis.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is shifted to the right from an elevated left hemidiaphragm and is otherwise normal.  The stomach is mildly distended and the splenic flexure demonstrates similar gaseous distention.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. Impression: 1. Right lower lobe opacity is consistent with early pneumonia or early aspiration pneumonitis. 2. Gaseous distention of the splenic flexure.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Hilar contours are stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable with mild rightward shift of mediastinal structures appearing unchanged.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.  There are no acute osseous
['Findings: There has been complete resolution of previously seen pneumonia.  There is no remaining or new infiltrates.  The lungs are well inflated and clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or evidence of pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  The pleural surfaces are unremarkable. There is mild degenerative changes noted at multiple levels of the thoracic spine. Impression: Resolution of previously documented pneumonia.', 'Findings: There are opacities in the right lower and left upper lobes worrisome for multifocal pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: Right lower and left upper lobe opacities concerning for multifocal pneumonia. Follow-up radiographs are recommended after resolution of symptoms to assure clearance and to rule out underlying neoplasm.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  Previous heterogeneous opacity in the left lung has resolved, and substantially cleared from the right lower lung.  However, there is a small round opacity at the lateral right lung base. Compared to
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Low lung volumes are noted with secondary left basilar atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Surgical clips in the right upper quadrant suggest prior cholecystectomy. Impression: Left basilar opacity which is most likely atelectasis given low lung volumes.  Infection is not entirely excluded.  If desired repeat with PA and lateral can be performed with better inspiratory effort.']
['Findings:  Impression: ET tube tip is 7 cm above the carinal. Right internal jugular line introducer tip is at the level of the right internal jugular vein. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and left basal consolidation is unchanged', 'Findings: are accompanied by pulmonary vascular congestion and mild to moderate edema.  The large left effusion is associated with substantial atelectasis and shift of the mediastinum toward the right. Impression: As compared to ___ radiograph, a large left pleural effusion has increased in size, and a small to moderate right pleural effusion has also worsened.  These findings are accompanied by pulmonary vascular congestion and mild to moderate edema.  The large left effusion is associated with substantial atelectasis and shift of the mediastinum toward the right.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lungs are low in volume but clear.  Heart size is top-normal.  ET tube in standard placement.  Left jugular line ends at the origin of the SVC.  Transvenous right atrial and ventricular pacer leads unchanged in standard positions.  Feeding tube passes into the stomach and out of view.  Right pleural effusion
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size mildly enlarged. Lungs clear. Normal pulmonary and mediastinal vasculature.  No appreciable pleural abnormality.  Probable cement infusion, L1 vertebral body.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ radiograph, interval increase in size of the heart is accompanied by pulmonary vascular congestion and moderate pulmonary edema.  A moderate to large right pleural effusion and a small left pleural effusion are also new with adjacent bibasilar atelectasis and or consolidation. Apparent elevation of right hemidiaphragm probably reflects a subpulmonic component of the right effusion, which could be confirmed or excluded by additional lateral decubitus radiograph if warranted clinically.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is noted. The lung volumes are normal. Moderate cardiomegaly without evidence of pulmonary edema. No pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax.  No pneumonia.', 'Findings: A large right pleural effusion has increased. A small layering left pleural effusion with associated left basilar atelectasis has also increased. Mild pulmonary edema is unchanged. There is no pneumothorax. Aortic arch calcifications are incidentally noted. The heart and mediastinum cannot be accurately assessed due to projection and obscuring pleural fluid. Impression: St
["Findings: The lungs are clear focal consolidation or effusion. Prominence of the pulmonary arteries is compatible patient's known history of pulmonary hypertension. Degree of cardiomegaly is unchanged. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: Enlarged pulmonary arteries compatible with pulmonary hypertension. No definite superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process."]
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  The heart size is normal.  Aorta is mildly unfolded.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  The lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  A right pectoral Port-A-Cath catheter tip terminates within the right atrium. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Patient is rotated and tilted which in slightly limits evaluation. The right lung is clear with no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Left lung apex is not seen because of the overlying chin. What is visualized of the left lung is clear. Heart size appears normal. Impression: Limited due to rotation and tilting of the patient. The right lung is clear. What is visualized of the left mid lung is clear.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lungs are low in volume but clear. Mild cardiomegaly is exaggerated by low lung volumes. There is no evidence of cardiac decompensation. Pleural effusion is small on the right if any.', "Findings: Exam is limited secondary to patient's accentuated kyphosis and positioning, including rotation to the left.  There is no definite consolidation or large effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette cannot be adequately assessed for reasons stated above.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: Limited exam as detailed above without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.", 'Findings: There are bilateral pleural effusions which are slightly larger than on the prior study.  There is pulmonary vascular redistribution with
['Findings:  Impression: Cardiomegaly is accompanied by pulmonary vascular congestion. Patchy bibasilar lung opacities likely represent atelectasis, but aspiration and early infectious pneumonia are additional considerations in the appropriate clinical setting. Small pleural effusions are present bilaterally.', 'Findings: The patient is rotated.  The repositioned right IJ approach Swan-Ganz catheter tip now ends in the right pulmonary artery with its tip projecting over the right most aspect of the mediastinal silhouette, and could be pulled back about 2 cm.  The right dialysis catheter remains unchanged position with its tip ending in the right atrium.  No pneumothorax.  Lung volumes remain low. Slight increase dopacity in the left hemithorax may be in part secondary to rotation and redistribution of overall unchanged moderate-to-severe pulmonary edema.  Bilateral moderate pleural effusions persist.  The heart remains moderately to severely enlarged.  The pulmonary arteries are enlarged, suggesting chronic pulmonary hypertension. Impression: 1.  Repositioned Swan-Ganz catheter could be pulled back 2 cm. 2.  Moderate-to-severe heart failure, possibly from volume overload. 3.
['Findings:  Impression: Bullous emphysema. No pneumonia.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are low. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia, no pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax.  Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.']
['Findings: There are large rounded opacities in the right lung abutting the upper right chest wall and in the perihilar region.  There  is additional opacity at the right lung base and the right hemidiaphragm is obscured.  Inspiratory volumes are slightly low.  Some perihilar increased perihilar markings and atelectasis at the right lung base is noted.  Doubt CHF.  No gross left effusion. Impression: Complex opacification of the right lung, more completely characterized on CT obtained 1 day earlier.  Probable minimal atelectasis and/or scarring in the left lung.  Attention to these areas on followup radiographs is requested.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there are lower lung volumes.  The right hilar and upper lobe lateral mass are un change, as is the right pleural effusion with basilar atelectasis.  Minimal atelectatic changes are again seen at the left base.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Decrease in size of a pre-existing right apical masslike lesion.  No pleural effusion on the current
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs remain clear without confluent consolidation.  Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm is again seen.  There is no effusion or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Implanted device again projects over the left anterior chest wall.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Left PICC tip terminates in the mid SVC.  An electronic device is seen projecting over the cardiac silhouette.  Lung volumes are somewhat low.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged with calcification of aortic knob noted.  Heart size is normal.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Mild retrocardiac atelectasis is again seen.  Clips are noted in the region of the gastroesophageal junction.  Marked degenerative changes are noted in both glenohumeral joints.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: No significant interval change from prior.  Mild retrocardiac atelectasis.', 'Findings: There has been interval removal of a left-sided PICC.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneum
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
["Findings: Single portable view of the chest.  The right chest wall port is again seen noting that the catheter tip is not as clearly delineated on today's exam.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation or large effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged given differences in positioning and low lung volumes.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process."]
['Findings: Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Heart size is normal. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest radiographs:  Mild interstitial abnormality in the lung bases may be an indication of chronic tobacco use.  It is probably not an acute finding.  There is no consolidation.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Lungs fully expanded and clear.  Pulmonary vasculature minimally engorged.  Heart not enlarged.  No edema or appreciable pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Lungs are clear.  Minimal basal atelectasis present.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax noted.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  Normal course of a nasogastric tube, with its tip projecting over the distal parts of the stomach.  No complications, notably no pneumothorax.  A small left pleural effusion with a subsequent area of atelectasis at the left bases and in the retrocardiac lung area is present.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to most recent prior chest radiograph, ___.  Aside from minimal scarring at the left base, lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinum is normal.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The patient is after cervical spine therapy.']
['Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate elevation of the left hemidiaphragm, more pronounced compared to the prior study.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia, significant pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette top normal size, unchanged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits allowing for slight patient rotation. Impression: No radiologic evidence of acute thoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: are consistent with aspiration.  The appearance of the left lung is unchanged.  Mild cardiomegaly persists. Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have decreased. There is a new relatively massive platelike atelectasis at the right lung bases, combined to an area of ill-defined subtle parenchymal opacity. Overall, the findings are consistent with aspiration.  The appearance of the left lung is unchanged.  Mild cardiomegaly persists.', 'Findings: Relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is again seen.  There is secondary right basilar atelectasis. There is no allergic also consolidation, effusion or overt pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Impression: Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Single supine AP portable view of the chest was obtained.  There are low lung volumes, making evaluation suboptimal.  There are perihilar opacities, left greater than right, which may be due to asymmetric pulmonary edema, although infectious process is not excluded.  Given that the left costophrenic angle is not fully included on the
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.  There is no evidence of pneumonia or pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  Mild blunting of the costophrenic angle on the right probably represents pleural thickening, since there is no evidence of effusion on the lateral view.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  Prominence of central pulmonary vascularity is unchanged.  The lungs are clear.  Bilateral bronchial wall thickening is present and is more conspicuous than on the prior study.  Focal pleural thickening at right costophrenic sulcus laterally appears unchanged.  No acute skeletal findings. Impression: 1.  No areas of consolidation to suggest the presence of pneumonia.  2.  Bronchial wall thickening, which could reflect bronchitis in the appropriate clinical setting.  3.  Enlarged central pulmonary artery suggesting pulmonary arterial hypertension.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is top-normal. Bibasal areas of opacities have increased in the interim, concerning for interval aspiration or pneumonia. Upper lungs are essentially clear. There is no appreciable pleural effusion.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Moderate right pleural effusion and bibasilar atelectasis, severe on the right, moderate on the left is all new since preoperative chest radiograph on ___.  The upper lungs are clear.  The heart is top normal in size and unchanged.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest were obtained.  A moderate right-sided effusion is grossly similar to ___.  A tiny left effusion has resolved.  Bibasilar opacities likely reflect atelectasis, unchanged.  The remainder of the lungs are stable with no new consolidations.  The heart and mediastinal contours are normal. No pneumothorax or pulmonary vascular congestion. Impression: Stable moderate right pleural effusion and resolution of previously noted left pleural effusion. Bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect atelectasis, though infection cannot be completely excluded.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  The lung volumes are normal.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema.  The pacemaker leads are in unchanged and correct position.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: A left-sided pacemaker remains in unchanged position, with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. As compared to prior chest radiograph, lung volumes are decreased. There is blunting of the left costophrenic angle which could reflect a small pleural effusion. Otherwise,  no focal consolidation or pneumothorax is identified. The cardiac silhouette remains stable in size. Impression: Decreased lung volumes. Blunting of the left costophrenic angle is likely secondary to a small left-sided pleural effusion. No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.', 'Findings: There is minimal left base atelectasis.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  There is no large pleural effusion.  No pulmonary edema is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal likely exaggerated by AP technique and slightly low lung volumes
['Findings: Left chest wall single lead pacing device is seen with lead tip at the right ventricular apex.  There is mild cardiomegaly and evidence of prior mitral valve repair.  Left lateral pleural based scarring with adjacent parenchymal scarring is noted as well as volume loss in the left hemi thorax.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  Surgical clips project over the right chest wall. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Left chest wall single lead pacing device with lead tip at the right ventricular apex.', 'Findings:  Impression: The tip of the left subclavian ICD extends to the apex of the right ventricle on the frontal view.  On the lateral projection, it may be slightly coiled when compared to the previous study. There is no evidence of post procedure pneumothorax. Overall, little change in the appearance of the heart and lungs since the study of ___.', 'Findings: A left chest wall pacer lead ends in the left ventricle, unchanged in position.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Stable mild cardiomegaly.  Mediast
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.  No radiopaque foreign body is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Again noted are emphysematous changes in both lungs.  A large hiatal hernia is present.  Small left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis.  The right lung is clear.  No pneumothorax identified.  The size appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Impression: Small left pleural effusion.  No new focal consolidation is identified.  Large hiatal hernia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiograph ___.  Chest radiograph on ___ showed emphysema and severe pulmonary vascular congestion.  Mild interstitial edema may have developed.  Small left pleural effusion is likely.  Hiatus hernia is large.  No pneumothorax.  Heart size top-normal.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits.  Thoracolumbar S-shaped scoliosis is again noted.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Patient is rotated somewhat to the left.No focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Central pulmonary vascular engorgement is stable.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: No significant interval change.', 'Findings: Patient is rotated to the left.Lung volumes are low.  There are bibasilar opacities which could be secondary to atelectasis in this setting.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unchanged.   S-shaped thoracolumbar scoliosis is again noted. Impression: Lower lung volumes with secondary bibasilar opacities which are likely atelectasis.  No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are similar with tortuosity of the thor
['Findings: There are low lung volumes.  Opacities in the left base could represent atelectasis.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: Probably atelectasis in the left lower lobe.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  The right PICC line is in stable position.  The course of the line is unremarkable, the tip projects over the mid SVC.  No complications, notably no pneumothorax.  Lung volumes have decreased.  Mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema.  Stable normal size of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  The right PICC line tip terminates in the mid SVC.  A lung nodule is seen in the mid right lung, which is not definitively seen on prior CT Chest and may be new.  Sclerotic multiple bone lesions are seen in the thoracic spine and ribs, likely metastasis. Impression: 1. The right PICC line terminates in the mid SVC. 2. A lung nodule is seen
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There are relatively low lung volumes.  Given this, no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable. Impression: Low lung volumes.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs, heart, mediastinum, hilar contours, pleural surfaces are all normal. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest show clear lungs with no nodules or focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  Tortuosity of the upper trachea at the thoracic inlet appears to be related to head positioning.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits in size and shape and no suspicious bone abnormality or fracture is seen.  No pneumothorax or pleural fluid is present.  CONCLUSION:  No plain film findings to account for cough. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
["Findings: Comparison is made to previous study from ___ at 5:07 a.m.  There is an endotracheal tube whose distal tip is 3.1 cm above the carina.  There is a right IJ central line with distal tip in the proximal right atrium. This could be pulled back 2 to 3 cm for more optimal placement.  There are again seen low lung volumes and diffuse airspace opacities bilaterally.  This is consistent with pneumonia given the patient's Gram negative cocci bacteremia and sepsis.  There is a nasogastric tube whose tip and side port are below the gastroesophageal junction and there is a single loop within the distal NG tube.  No pneumothoraces are present. Impression: ", 'Findings: Compared with earlier radiograph, the patient has been intubated with the ET tube ending 2.7 cm above the carina.  A right internal jugular central venous catheter ends in the upper right atrium.  There is a new retrocardiac opacity which could represent aspiration, atelectasis or consolidation.  There is otherwise no change in moderate pulmonary vascular congestion and mild cardiomegaly.
['Findings: Chest PA and lateral radiograph demonstrates unremarkable mediastinal, hilar and cardiac contours.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is evident.  Stable degenerative changes are identified within the thoracic spine. Impression: No cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low leading to crowding of bronchovascular structures. Multifocal, linear left basilar atelectasis is again noted. Airspace opacities at the right lung base are slightly increased from the prior examination, and may represent atelectasis although infection is not excluded. There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Impression: Low lung volumes with increased bibasilar airspace opacities. Findings likely represent atelectasis, although underlying infection is difficult to exclude.', 'Findings: There is mild left basal atelectasis.  Otherwise lungs appear clear.  No large effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Mild left basal atelectasis, otherwise unremarkable
['Findings: There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding.  No focal consolidation or mass is seen.  Chronic interstitial markings are unchanged from prior exam.  The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Chronic interstitial markings unchanged from prior exam.  No focal consolidation or mass.', 'Findings: There is a sub-optimal inspiratory effort and low lung volumes. The cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. The bilateral hila are unremarkable. Right cardiophrenic angle and diffuse interstitial prominence likely reflects bronchovascular crowding in the setting of low lung volumes. Linear opacities at the left lung base are consistent with subsegmental atelectasis. There is no focal lung consolidation. There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Degenerative changes of the right glenohumeral joint are noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Left PICC has been repositioned, now terminating in the proximal superior vena cava.  Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal, and lungs and pleural surfaces are clear. Impression: No radiographic evidence of active or latent pulmonary tuberculosis infection.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear, the previously seen 5 mm nodular opacity in the right mid lung zone is not seen on the current study.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is mild basilar atelectasis without definite focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The aorta is tortuous.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  No displaced fracture is identified. Impression: Mild basilar atelectasis without definite focal consolidation.']
['Findings: There are small bilateral pleural effusions with concurrent opacities suggesting atelectasis, right worse than left.  There is also coarsening of the vascular and interstitial markings more conspicuous in the right lower lung field.  There is moderate aortic tortuosity and cardiomegaly. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  Moderate degenerative changes of the left shoulder are incompletely evaluated. Impression: Coarse interstitial markings more prominent in the right lower lung field, associated with small bilateral pleural effusions with concurrent bibasilar atelectasis, right worse than left; findings suggest mild vascular congestion.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. Low lung volumes. Elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. Moderate cardiomegaly with mild fluid overload but no pulmonary edema.  No focal parenchymal opacities suggesting pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: A right Port-A-Cath is unchanged in position with the tip terminating in the upper to mid SVC.  The inspiratory lung volumes are appropriate.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged and there is no overt pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is top normal in size but stable. Evidence of  DISH is noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to preoperative chest radiograph, ___:  Previous borderline pulmonary edema has cleared.  Aside from minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the left lung, lungs are clear.  Mild cardiomegaly
['Findings: Minimal bibasilar streaky opacities likely reflect atelectasis. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: Bibasilar streaky opacities, likely atelectasis. Infection cannot be excluded in the correct clinical setting.']
['Findings:  Impression: Previous mild pulmonary edema is unchanged. Heart is top-normal or mildly enlarged, unchanged, but small pleural effusions are new.  No pneumothorax.  No pulmonary consolidation.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: There is mild blunting of the left costophrenic angle seen on the frontal view which may be due to pleural thickening versus a trace pleural effusion.  The right lung is clear.  The lungs are hyperinflated suggesting underlying COPD.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal.  The aortic knob is calcified. Impression: Mild blunting of the left costophrenic angle on the frontal view may be due to pleural thickening, but a trace pleural effusion is not excluded.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change in the mild pulmonary edema, top-normal size heart, and small left pleural effusion with atelectatic changes at the base.', 'Findings:
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are hyperinflated somewhat flattening the diaphragms, consistent with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  There is slight blunting of the bilateral posterior costophrenic angles which likely relates to hyperinflation, although very trace pleural effusion is not entirely excluded.  There is mild left base atelectasis/scarring.  No focal consolidation is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal.  The aorta is calcified and tortuous. Impression: 1.  Left base atelectasis/scarring. 2.  COPD.  Blunting of the posterior costophrenic angles may relate to hyperinflation, although trace pleural effusion is difficult to exclude.', 'Findings: Enteric tube tip is 5.1 cm from the carina. Enteric tube seen with tip below the diaphragm although side port is likely proximal to the GE junction. Dense opacity seen at the right lung apex with less conspicuous left apical opacity aswell. There are probable small bilateral pleural effusions. Additional retrocardiac opacity may represent additional region of parenchymal consolidation,
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is a mildly increasing retrocardiac atelectasis and a constant atelectasis at the right lung base.  At low volumes, there is otherwise unchanged appearance of the lung parenchyma.  No evidence of interval appearance of pneumonia.  No larger pleural effusions.  Moderate cardiomegaly. Impression: ', 'Findings: Two AP frontal images were obtained to cover the entire thorax on this portable bedside examination.  Comparison is made with the next preceding portable chest examination of ___.  Position of previously described dialysis catheter and central venous line unchanged.  The previously observed parenchymal densities occupying the right-sided cardio-diaphragmatic angle on this portable chest examination appears unchanged.  Improvement has occurred in a left upper lobe density which was described as a linearly oriented atelectasis in the left juxtahilar region.  No new pulmonary abnormalities are seen, and no pulmonary vascular congestion is identified.  A chest CT of ___, i.e. obtained between these two portable chest examinations is reviewed.  It showed some plate atelectasis in the area, but no conclusive evidence for discrete pneumonia. Impression:
['Findings: The heart is enlarged. A left mid-upper lung mass is again seen with a clip and associated thoracotomy changes. There is mild pulmonary edema.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions.  No definite focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. Impression: 1. Cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema.  2. Unchanged appearance of left lung mass.', 'Findings:  Impression: Stable appearance of known left non-small cell lung carcinoma.  No superimposed acute process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  Opacities associated with a prior treated lung mass appear unchanged in the left mid lung, consistent with known treated lung cancer. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette again demonstrates moderate enlargement. Impression: 1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process or injury.  2.  Stable findings associated with treated malignancy in the left lung.  NOTIFICATION:  These findings were communicated to Dr. ___ at 3:04 p.m. on ___.', 'Findings: A left
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: regarding chest CTA obtained in___ were discussed with Dr. ___ ___ the phone by Dr. ___ at 9:40 a.m. on ___.  ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT REASON FOR EXAMINATION:  Syncope.  PA and lateral upright chest radiographs were reviewed with no prior studies available for comparison.  Heart size is enlarged.  Mediastinum is unremarkable.  Lungs are essentially clear.  Old rib fractures are noted on the left.  There is no pleural effusion and there is no pneumothorax. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Normal heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There are new interstitial opacities in the bilateral mid and lower lungs, right greater than left.  Two lead pacemaker overlying the left chest wall with leads in expected position.  Clips are seen in the left upper quadrant.  Post radiation changes in the upper lungs are stable. Impression: New interstitial opacities may be due to clinically suspected pulmonary edema. However, in the absence of cardiac enlargement, additional considerations include atypical pneumonia, noninfectious causes of pneumonitis and malignant lung disease.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Short-term followup radiographs are recommended to document resolution  NOTIFICATION:   The change from the preliminary read was discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the telephone on ___ at 7:50 AM, 20 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: Lung volumes remain low, slightly improved when compared to the prior study.  A right internal jugular catheter terminates in the mid SVC.  A dual lead pacemaker is unchanged in appearance.  Median sternotomy s
['Findings: No previous images.  There is substantial globular enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with essentially normal pulmonary vessels in a patient with hyperexpansion of the lungs consistent with chronic pulmonary disease.  No evidence of acute focal pneumonia.  The discordance between the cardiac size and essentially normal vasculature raises the possibility of cardiomyopathy or pericardial effusion. Impression: ']
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is seen.  The heart size is normal.  Mediastinal contours are normal.  No bony abnormality is detected. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Since the prior exam, there is worsening mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema.  There is no focal airspace opacity.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions, which have increased from the prior exam.  There is no pneumothorax.  The mediastinal contours are normal.  The heart is moderately enlarged, and unchanged. Impression: 1.  Worsening mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema with increased small bilateral pleural effusions. 2.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lung volumes are low which limits the evaluation.  Allowing for this, the lungs are clear without convincing evidence of pneumonia or edema.  No large effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears within normal limits.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air is seen below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.  Low lung volumes limits assessment.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low with probable bibasilar atelectasis.  The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion, or edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.  A left chest wall ICD is seen with the lead terminating in the expected position of the right ventricle.  Lung volumes are low with mild pulmonary edema.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Left chest wall ICD with lead terminating in the expected location of the right ventricle.  Low lung volumes with mild pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: Heart size is upper limits of normal. The lungs are grossly clear without focal consolidation. There are low lung volumes due to poor inspiratory effort. The bones appear somewhat dense and is consistent with known diffuse metastatic bony disease.  No pneumothoraces are present. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Redemonstrated are multiple bilateral nodules of varying sizes, with a dominent retrocardiac nodule seen within the posterior left lower lobe. Other nodules may be in the lungs and/or ribs as they overlie multiple ribs. No lobar consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is seen.  The heart size is normal.  Mediastinal contours are normal.  No bony abnormality is detected. Impression: 1.  Multiple bilateral nodular opacities. Recommend dedicated chest CT for localization and further characterization.   2.  No evidence of lobar consolidation.', 'Findings: were discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ at 8:15 am on ___ via telephone. Impression: Increased opacification in the posterior basal segment of the left lower lobe may represent early pneumonia. Follow
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are hyperinflated, consistent with known COPD.  Again seen is extensive bronchiectasis and bronchial wall thickening with architectural distortion, unchanged from ___.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes and hilar contours are unchanged.  Cervical spinal hardware is incompletely evaluated on this study. Impression: No pneumonia or effusion.  Findings were discussed with Dr. ___ by phone at 3:15 p.m., ___.', 'Findings: Hardware projecting over the cervical spine is again seen.  There is increase in the size of the left pleural effusion with increased pulmonary vascular re-distribution.  There is obscuration of both hemidiaphragms and it is unclear if this is due to volume loss or infiltrate.  Compared to the prior study, the fluid status and the lower lobe volume loss/infiltrate is worsened, which is all superimposed on the chronic lung disease as seen previously. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Bronchiectasis and bronch
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear with no evidence of consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute fractures are identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  A 9 mm nodular density projects over the right lower lung.  Lungs are otherwise clear.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.    2. 9 mm nodular density projects over the right lower lung.  Recommend further evaluation with a nonemergent dedicated chest CT.']
['Findings: . WET READ VERSION #1 ___ ___ ___ 9:46 AM  Unchanged appearance of lingular and bilateral lower lobe opacities,  corresponding with known pulmonary infarcts better characterized on prior  chest CTA.  No new focal consolidations identified. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT INDICATION:  History: ___F with hx of PE dx on ___ , with CP and SOB  // pna? new evidence of worsening pe?  TECHNIQUE:  PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  COMPARISON:  Chest radiographs dated ___. CTA chest dated ___.  FINDINGS:   In comparison with chest radiographs from ___, there is increase in apparent opacity at the left lung base, which could reflect worsening infarct, infection or atelectasis.  Lung volumes remain low.  No large pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.  No central vascular congestion or overt pulmonary edema.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  Heart size is
['Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate clear lungs and normal hilar and cardiomediastinal contours.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: Normal radiographs of the chest.']
['Findings: Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. Moderate central pulmonary vascular congestion and pulmonary edema have slightly improved since ___. Small bilateral pleural effusions appear stable.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Improved moderate pulmonary edema. 2.  Mild cardiomegaly. 3.  Unchanged small bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings: Compared with ___, the right chest tube has been placed.  However, the tip overlies the lateral right chest wall at the level of the right mid chest, in the region of the right sixth and seventh ribs.  It does not appear to extend beyond the chest wall into the pleural space.  No pneumothorax is detected.  Again seen is opacity at the right lung base with obscuration of the right hemidiaphragm, slightly improved.  There is upper zone redistribution and mild diffuse vascular blurring, consistent with CHF.  This is also probably slightly improved.  There is minimal atelectasis at the left base, slightly improved.  No left-sided effusion. Impression: 1. New right-sided chest tube does not appear to cross the chest wall.  No pneumothorax
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The osseous structures are unremarkable Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities']
['Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  Single lead left-sided pacemaker is similar in position.  The cardiac silhouette remains enlarged.  The aorta is tortuous.  The lungs are relatively hyperinflated.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Minimal to no pulmonary edema. Impression: Minimal to no pulmonary edema.  Moderate cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  Midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are again noted related to prior CABG.  The heart is mildly enlarged though this is stable.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  No definite signs of congestive heart failure.  Mediastinal contour is stable.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.  Clips are noted in the upper abdomen. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly, without definite signs of pneumonia or CHF.', 'Findings: The pulmonary vascular congestion and mild interstitial edema have improved since ___
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified.  There is no free air under the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Linear opacities within the left lung base are compatible with areas of subsegmental atelectasis.  No pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax is present.  An 8 mm nodular opacity is seen within the right upper lung field, new in the interval.  Moderate multilevel degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. 8 mm nodular opacity within the right upper lung field, new in the interval.  Further assessment with chest CT is recommended on a nonemergent basis.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  8 mm nodular opacity within the right upper lung field, new in the interval.  Further assessment with chest CT is recommended on a nonemergent basis.', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.  There has been interval extubation and removal of an orogastric tube, mediastinal drain, and a left thorac
['Findings: Comparison is made to the prior study from ___ at 1:33 p.m.  There is a generator device with a wire seen extending superiorly into the neck, unchanged since the previous studies. Please correlate clinically.   The heart size is upper limits of normal and there is tortuosity of thoracic aorta.  There are hazy opacities in both lung fields, right side worse than left.  This ___ represent infection or asymmetric pulmonary edema.  There is a small left-sided pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings: Comparison is made to prior study from ___.  There is a left-sided generator with lead tip extending into the neck.  Please correlate clinically.  There is stable cardiac size without significant enlargement.  There are hazy densities in the lung fields bilaterally which have improved since the previous study.  There are no signs of overt pulmonary edema or pneumothoraces.  No pleural effusions are seen on either side. Impression: ']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The upper lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax. Small bilateral pleural effusions are associated with adjacent atelectasis .  The osseous structures are unremarkable Impression: Small bilateral effusions with associated adjacent atelectasis', 'Findings: A portable view of the chest demonstrates a repositioned NG tube, which coils within the stomach.  The patient is now extubated.  Right IJ catheter ends in the low SVC.  Lungs are grossly clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: NG tube coils within the stomach.', 'Findings:  Impression: No relevant change as compared to the previous image. Relatively low lung volumes. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Minimal atelectasis in the retrocardiac lung regions. No overt pulmonary edema. No pleural effusions, no pneumonia.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little overall change except for removal of the right IJ and nasogastric tubes.  No evidence of pneumonia or
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities are present. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: Heart size appears mildly enlarged but similar.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lung volumes are low which result in crowding of bronchovascular structures.  No overt pulmonary edema is present.  Patchy opacities in the lung bases ___ reflect areas of atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is apparent.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Low lung volumes with patchy opacities in the lung bases likely reflective of atelectasis.', 'Findings: Overall lung volumes are low.The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unchanged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings:  Impression: Right PIC line can be traced as far as the upper SVC but the tip is indistinct. Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces.', 'Findings: Right PICC ends in the upper SVC.  There is no pneumothorax. Volumes are low, but lungs are grossly clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion. Impression: Right PICC ends in the upper SVC.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: Flattening of diaphragms and interstitial prominence reflects COPD. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax is present.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  Multiple old healed rib fractures are again seen. Impression: Findings consistent with COPD.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: were recognized. Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  A roughly 2.5-cm wide round opacity sits on and partially obscures the contour of the cardiac apex on the frontal view.  On the lateral, it resides between the sternum and the ascending thoracic aorta.  This could be a nodule or an infection.  Lungs are generally hyperinflated.  The heart is normal size.  There is no other focal pulmonary abnormality and no evidence of cardiac decompensation.  Many right ribs show chronic healed fracture with overlying pleural thickening.  Dr. ___ was paged at 3:45 p.m. when the findings were recognized.', 'Findings: should be clearly marked and imaged with either bone detail views or CT scanning.  Shallow oblique views to assess
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. Normal lung volumes.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube terminates 4.5 cm above the carina.  Nasogastric tube courses beyond the diaphragm and out of view.  Numerous displaced right-sided rib fractures appear unchanged.  The mediastinum appears slightly wider than on previous same-day examination which may be due to the image being obtained on expiration.  Heart size is normal.  No significant pleural effusion. Impression: 1. Endotracheal tube terminates in appropriate position. 2. Mediastinum appears slightly wider possibly due to the image being obtained on expiration. Repeat portable chest radiograph this afternoon at inspiration is recommended.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Repeat portable chest radiograph this afternoon at inspiration is recommended to reevaluate mediastinum.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___ ___, M.D
['Findings: Moderate pulmonary edema with bibasilar small-to-moderate pleural effusion and compressive atelectasis are unchanged since ___, but increased since ___.  The heart is severely enlarged with right ventricular pacemaker in unchanged position.  There is no pneumothorax.  CONCLUSION:  Moderate pulmonary edema with small-to-moderate pleural effusion are unchanged since ___. Impression: ', 'Findings: Large left and small right pleural effusions, moderately severe pulmonary edema, andsevere chronic cardiomegaly are all increased. Bibasilar atelectasis has worsened. The left pleural effusion is large enough to obscure any abnormality in the left lower chest, including a lower thoracic aortic aneurysm or lung mass as suggested on the lateral view.  Chest radiographs should be repeated after treatment of heart failure.   No pneumothorax is seen.  Single-lead pacemaker is unchanged.  Left shoulder prosthesis is incompletely assessed. Impression: Severe heart failure, worsened.  Followup chest radiographs should be obtained after treatment to exclude mass or aneurysm in the left chest.', 'Findings
['Findings: No significant change from the chest radiograph of 1 hr prior with the left pigtail projecting over the left mid lung and small left apical pneumothorax.  Left basilar atelectasis has improved.  No pleural effusion. Impression: No significant change from 1 hr prior.  Small left apical pneumothorax.', 'Findings: The left-sided chest tube has been removed.  The left apical pneumothorax is stable.  The left pleural effusion and lingular and left base are unchanged. Impression: Status post removal left chest tube without significant change in the left apical pneumothorax or effusion.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were reviewed.  There is no CHF, focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Minimal right>left bipaical pleural-parenchymal scarring noted.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.   Imaged upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable. Slight right convex curvature of the thoracic spine noted. Impression: No acute pulmonary process identified.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison
['Findings: There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no pulmonary edema.  The heart is normal in size, and the mediastinal contours are normal.  Posterior cervical fusion hardware is partially visualized. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is seen.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  Cervical spine hardware is incompletely imaged. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Linear opacities at the lung bases are most suggestive of atelectasis. There is no effusion or vascular congestion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. No free intraperitoneal air identified. Laparoscopic band identified in the upper abdomen better seen on the lateral view. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No free intraperitoneal air.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  The aorta is mildly unfolded with minimal atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic knob.  Biapical scarring is re- demonstrated.  The lungs are otherwise clear and the pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax is visualized.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear of consolidation or effusion.  Biapical scarring is again noted.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest show no change in the slightly blunted appearance of the left costophrenic angle laterally which
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Again seen projecting over the lateral right hemithorax is a 5-mm ovoid ossific/calcific structure projecting over the right seventh rib, most likely representing a calcified granuloma.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is minimal blunting of the posterior right costophrenic angle which may be due to low lung volumes, although a very trace pleural effusion is not excluded.  No pneumothorax is seen.  The aorta is calcified and tortuous.  The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged.  Minimal interstitial edema has improved in the interval.  There are partially imaged degenerative changes at the right greater than left shoulder joints and also along the spine. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  A calcified nodular structure in the right mid lung is stable and likely represents a calcified granuloma.  There is mild diffuse increase in reticular interstitial markings which could reflect the presence of interstitial edema.  There is no lobar consolidation.  No effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediast
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal. The aorta is tortuous but unchanged. The mediastinal and hilar contours are similar. Pulmonary vasculature is normal and the lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are mild degenerative changes of the lower thoracic spine.  Upper abdominal surgical clips are again demonstrated. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. There is minimal atelectasis in the lung bases. No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Cholecystectomy clips are seen in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Heart size is at the upper limits of normal or slightly increased. Aorta is mildly tortuous, with slight calcification. No CHF, focal infiltrate, or effusion is detected. No pneumothorax identified. Incidental note is made of eventration of the right he
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___ through ___.  Mild pulmonary edema developed on ___, improved slightly.  Moderate cardiomegaly stable, mediastinal venous engorgement decreased.  Pleural effusions small if any.  No pneumothorax.  Esophageal drainage tube ends at the level of the diaphragm an would need to be advanced at least 12 cm to move all the side ports into the stomach.  Left PIC line has been withdrawn to the upper SVC.', 'Findings: Extremely low lung volumes noted with secondary bronchovascular crowding.  There is no obvious consolidation, effusion, or overt edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unchanged.  Enteric tube seen with tip projecting over the left upper quadrant with side-port past the GE junction. Impression: Limited exam due to extremely low lung volumes.  No definite findings suggest pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the tip of the nasogastric tube is somewhat difficult to see, but appears to extend across the midline to the distal stomach.  If the precise position of
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and fairly well-aerated lungs.  There is mild linear atelectasis at the left lung base.  The lungs are otherwise clear, without pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there again are low lung volumes. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in this patient with dual-channel pacer device with leads in good position.  Pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits and there is no evidence of pleural effusion or acute focal pneumonia.', 'Findings: . --___ WET READ VERSION #___ ___ ___ ___ 8:46 PM  Stable exam from prior, no acute findings. -___ ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)CHEST (PORTABLE AP)  INDICATION:  ___ year old man with endocarditis and new fever to 101.6  // Ro pna      COMPARISON:  Chest radiographs ___ through ___ at 12:07 Impression: Interstitial abnormality recurred since ___ is edema. Hilar enlargement could be entirely vascular or a combination of dilated pulmonary arteries and adenopathy, particular the right, but there has been no acute change
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is at the upper limits of normal size.  The lung volumes are low.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The lungs are clear.  The osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Low lung volumes result in bronchovascular crowding.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Right basilar atelectasis is seen.  Heart size is within normal limits.  Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unchanged and normal allowing for patient rotation. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Low lung volumes.  There is
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the operative study, there is no evidence of post -procedure pneumothorax. Fixation device is again seen about the left clavicle.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has been intubated. The tip of the endotracheal tube projects 5.5 cm above the carinal. The patient has also received the nasogastric tube. The tip of the tube is not visualized on the image. The side-hole is located at the level of the gastroesophageal junction.  In the interval, the patient has developed mild to moderate pulmonary edema.  In addition, a small left pleural effusion and the retrocardiac atelectasis is present.  At the time of dictation and observation, 10:37, on the ___, the referring physician ___. ___ was paged for notification.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Patchy left lower lobe opacity has minimally improved from the previous study but persists.  Remainder of the lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: Persistent left lower lobe opacity, minimally improved from the previous study, compatible with pneumonia.  No new areas of focal consolidation otherwise demonstrated.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Retrocardiac airspace consolidation containing air bronchograms is concerning for left lower lobe pneumonia.  The right lung is clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia.', 'Findings: were posted by Dr. ___ on ___ at 13:07 to the Department of Radiology online critical communications system for direct communication to the referring provider. Impression: Left lower lobe consolidation has resolved cleared since the to
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  The lungs are clear bilaterally.  There is no consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  No evidence of pneumomediastinum.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, there is now a right chest tube in place and a small-to-moderate pneumothorax.  Otherwise, little change.  The pneumothorax following chest view was detected at 3:41 on ___ and telephoned to Dr. ___ at 3:42. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Interval intubation with the endotracheal tube having its tip at the thoracic inlet, approximately 4.5 cm above the carina.  Interval placement of a nasogastric tube which courses below the diaphragm with the tip projecting over the stomach and the side port likely just below the gastroesophageal junction.  There is worsening bibasilar and left mid lung airspace process which is concerning for pneumonia or aspiration.  An unusual distribution of pulmonary edema would be much less likely as there is no evidence of a peribronchial cuffing at least in the right upper region.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are unchanged.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  Apparent lucency in the left costophrenic sulcus is felt to be
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the left PICC line is stable in position and terminates in the mid SVC. Otherwise no change.', 'Findings: The lungs are underinflated.  The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  A left internal jugular central venous catheter terminates at the upper SVC.  There is no pneumothorax, focal consolidation, or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Left central line has been removed.  Mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and low lung volumes are unchanged. Cardiomediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vasculature, and aorta are within normal limits. There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Anterior and posterior cervical fusion hardware are re- demonstrated. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process. No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. Unchanged position of the left internal jugular vein catheter
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is top normal.  Slight prominence of ascending aorta which could relate to tortuosity but underlying mild dilatation cannot be excluded. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.    2. Slight prominence of ascending aorta which is likely related to tortuosity but underlying mild prominence/dilatation cannot be excluded.  2. Heart size top normal.']
['Findings:  Impression: No comparison.  The lung volumes are normal.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions.']
['Findings:  Impression: No relevant change.  Normal lung volumes.  Moderate cardiomegaly. No pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia.', 'Findings: The patient arm/soft tissue overlies the upper half of the chest on the lateral view, partially obscuring the view.  Given this, the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  Prominence and indistinctness of the hila suggest mild to moderate vascular congestion.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Vascular congestion, similar to prior.  Persistent enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings: The cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged, but unchanged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion and edema.  Blunting at the right costophrenic angle is new from the most recent prior study suggesting a small right pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax is present.  No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia is identified. Impression: 1.  Pulmonary vascular congestion/edema and small right pleural effusion suggest
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal. Mediastinum is normal. Lungs are essentially clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No evidence of acute or chronic tuberculosis demonstrated']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Seen only on lateral view, in the posterior lung base, there is subtly increased opacity which may reflect infection.  Lungs appear clear on frontal view.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Subtle opacity in the posterior lung base seen on lateral view only, which may represent pneumonia.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal shadow is normal. No pleuropulmonary disease.  No sinister bony lesions. Impression: Essentially normal chest radiograph.  No findings suggestive of sarcoidosis.', 'Findings: Left-sided PICC terminates in the low SVC without evidence of pneumothorax.The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen.  No evidence of pneumonia, no pleural effusions. No pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax. The hilar and mediastinal structures are unremarkable.']
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are normal. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette with minimal fluid overload. On both the frontal and the lateral radiograph, there is blunting of the left costophrenic sinus, suggesting the presence of a small left pleural effusion. Subsequent areas of left basilar atelectasis are present .  No pneumonia, no pneumothorax.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs remain clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable.  The hilar contours are stable since ___. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Hilar contours are stable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiograph
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged with atherosclerotic calcifications noted within the aortic knob and descending thoracic aorta. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Minimal linear opacities in the lung bases may reflect scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear of confluent consolidation.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions.  There is no evidence of overt pulmonary edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable noting mild cardiomegaly.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: Small bilateral effusions.  No evidence of overt pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are obtained.  Minimal left lingular atelectasis/scarring is seen.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process, no evidence of infiltrate.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  The heart size is within normal limits.  No typical configurational abnormality is identified.  Thoracic aorta and mediastinal structures are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No signs of acute or chronic parenchymal infiltrates are present and the lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free.  No pneumothorax in the apical area. Impression: No evidence of active or latent tuberculosis in lungs as seen on chest examination.']
['Findings: There is relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. The lungs are grossly clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs ___ at 13:17 are submitted. Impression: Interval placement of a single lead left-sided pacer with the lead terminating over the expected location of the right ventricle.  Status post median sternotomy with stable postoperative cardiac and mediastinal contours.  Lungs appear well inflated without evidence of focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were reviewed.  Compared to the most recent study, there has been slight interval decrease in a small right pleural effusion.  Linear opacities in the left lower lobe likely represents atelectasis; otherwise, lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Normal cardiac and mediastinal contours.  A left-sided Port-A-Cath ends in the mid-to-distal superior vena cava.  There are no concerning osseous or soft tissue lesions. Impression: Slight interval decrease in small right-sided pleural effusion.  COMMENT: Findings were telephoned to Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ ___ at 4:14PM on ___ at the time of discovery.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Left-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates in the mid SVC.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  No pulmonary vascular congestion is present.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are unchanged, with similar appearance of either right lower lateral pleural thickening or laterally loculated effusion.
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal contour is normal. The osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There are shallow lung volumes.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Imaged osseous structures are intact. No evidence of free air below the diaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathor
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___ and ___:  Small-to-moderate left pleural effusion probably increased since ___.  Small right pleural effusion also stable or slightly increased.  Left basal atelectasis mild, unchanged.  Upper lungs clear.  No pneumothorax.  Mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is stable since ___.  Consideration should be given to the possibility of post-pericardiotomy pericarditis.', 'Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  As compared to prior chest radiograph from ___, there is redemonstration of bilateral moderatesized pleural effusions, slightly decreased in size on the left. Lung volumes remain decreased and there is mild bibasilar atelectasis.   Upper lungs are clear.  No pneumothorax is identified. Impression: Bilateral moderate sized pleural effusions, with slight improvement of left sided pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: The image was acquired with a lordotic technique.  Given this limitation,  however, overall cardiac and mediastinal contours
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs, ___ through ___.  Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  There is no pleural abnormality.  Moderate to severe cardiomegaly is long-standing.  Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable.  There is no evidence of cardiac decompensation.  Right PIC line can be traced as far as the mid SVC where it is obscured by transvenous leads from the left pectoral generator following their expected courses to the right atrium, right ventricle, and coronary veins along the left ventricle.', 'Findings: suggest biventricular cardiac decompensation rather than pneumonia.  Left trans subclavian right atrial biventricular pacer defibrillator leads are unchanged in their positions, continuous from the left pectoral generator. Impression: Severe enlargement of the cardiac silhouette and dilatation of the right pulmonary artery have increased, small to moderate bilateral pleural effusions are new, and there is mild pulmonary edema in the central right lung.  There is no pneumothorax.  Overall, findings suggest biventricular cardiac decompensation rather than pneumonia.  Left trans sub
['Findings: The lungs are fully expanded and clear. There is no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: No previous images.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or old granulomatous disease. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided.  A calcified granuloma resides at the right lung base.  Calcified lymph nodes are noted in the subcarinal region on the lateral view.  The lungs appear somewhat hyperinflated, though there is no definite evidence of pneumonia or overt CHF. Mild bibasilar atelectasis is noted.  The heart is within normal limits of size.  The aorta is unfolded.  Bilateral shoulder replacements are present.  The thoracic spinal aligns normally. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is a  right sided Port-A-Cath with tip in the mid SVC.  The lungs are clear without infiltrate or effusion.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are normal. Impression: Right-sided Port-A-Cath tip in good location', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to pre-operative chest radiograph, ___:  Well-circumscribed geographic areas of opacification in the lower lungs are usually due to atelectasis rather than pneumonia.  Aspiration of course could be the cause, and would predispose to subsequent development of pneumonia.  No pleural effusion.  Heart size top normal, unchanged.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change is noted.  Right pectoral Port-A-Cath.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  Mild platelike atelectasis.  No larger pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no pneumothorax.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Mild hyperinflation consistent with COPD. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  There are streaky bibasilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis.  There is no large effusion.  Superiorly, the lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Surgical clips are seen in the upper abdomen. Impression: Linear bibasilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis.  Please note that CT is more sensitive detection for metastatic disease.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Comparison is made to previous study from ___ at 2:59 a.m.  An endotracheal tube whose distal tip is 4 cm above the carina, appropriately sited and unchanged in position.  There is again seen a nasogastric tube whose distal tip is not seen on the field of view of the study but below the GE junction.  There is some atelectasis at the lung bases.  No focal consolidation, pneumothoraces are seen.  There is no pulmonary edema. Impression: ', 'Findings: There has been interval extubation.  Heterogeneous opacities in the right lower lung are not significantly changed, seen to represent pneumonia on prior CT from ___.  A new nodular opacity in the right mid-to-upper lung could reflect a new focus of infection.  There is subsegmental left retrocardiac atelectasis, as before.  No definite pleural effusions are seen on these radiographs, although small bilateral pleural effusion, right greater than left, are present on prior CT from ___.  The heart size is normal. 
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated.  No acute osseous abnormalities are present. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images. No evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Mild degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices remain in place.  There is decreased opacification bilaterally, consistent with improving aspiration pneumonia.  Some indistinctness of vessels could reflect some elevated pulmonary venous pressure.  Specifically, there is no evidence of free intraperitoneal gas.  However, this is not truly an upright image, so that small pneumoperitoneum could easily be missed.  If this is a serious clinical concern, a true upright view could be obtained or CT performed. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has received an endotracheal tube.  The tip projects 4 cm above the carina.  Tip of the nasogastric tube ends below the diaphragm, there is no evidence of complications, notably no pneumothorax.  A heterogeneous opacity at the right lung base might result from aspiration or reflect early pneumonia.  A wet read was delivered.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Minimal fluid overload. Impression: ', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube tip terminates approximately 5.5 cm from the carina.  Orogastric tube tip termin
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No interstitial lung disease is appreciated to suggest the presence of pneumocystis pneumonia. Impression: Normal chest radiographs.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are low.  There is moderate relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm compared to the left.  The heart appears normal in size.  There is perhaps very mild perihilar congestion bilaterally.  Elsewhere, the lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: Suggestion of very mild perihilar congestive chnages.  Moderate elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are very low, limiting assessment for pulmonary edema. The right hemidiaphragm is elevated, resulting in increased vascular crowding. The chin and of overlying soft tissues obscure the lung apices. The heart and mediastinum are magnified by the projection. Impression: Assessment for pulmonary edema limited by very low lung volumes.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lung volumes are chronically very low, with particular elevation of the right hemidiaphragm, conforming to the provided history of diaphragm paralysis reflected in moderately severe atelectasis at both lung bases.  The upper lobes vessels are engorged, but I do not believe there is pulmonary ed
['Findings: The tip of the left PICC line is again noted to project over the mid SVC.  Surgical clips are again noted in the right upper quadrant.  In the diffuse bilateral interstitial markings.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  The size and appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Impression: The tip of the left PICC line is unchanged, projecting over the mid SVC.  Interval decrease in extent of the diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities.', 'Findings: The patient is rotated.  The tip of the left PICC line extends to the mid to distal SVC.  There are diffuse patchy and confluent air space opacities as well as air bronchograms visualized in the medial left lower lung zone.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.  The size the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. Impression: Pulmonary edema with a probable superimposed left lower lung zone pneumonia.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  The cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged, similar to the prior examination.  Again noted is indistinct pulmonary vasculature with patch
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  3 mm calcific nodule overlying the right mid lung field likely reflects a calcified granuloma.  Lungs are otherwise clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Mildly decreased lung volumes.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or frank pulmonary edema.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal in size.  Mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  No evidence for free subdiaphragmatic air. Impression: Low lung volumes without evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: were discussed with Dr. ___, ___D. by ___, ___D. on  the telephone on ___ at 5:___ PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the  findings. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PA AND LAT)  INDICATION:  ___ year old man hx diabetes and myopericarditis with poor air movement in lung fields with congestion. Patient is deaf, pager ___ for ASL if available  // ? pneumonia vs. edema vs. acetlectsis     ? pneumonia vs. edema vs. acetlectsis Impression: Compared to chest radiographs in __
['Findings: The right IJ catheter has been removed in the interim.  Lung volumes are normal.  The lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, effusion, edema, or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinum is not widened.  Probable minimal calcification in the aortic knob.  No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No pneumonia.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Mild-to-moderate increase in diameter of the cardiac silhouette since ___ is not accompanied by other manifestations of heart failure.  This could represent new pericardial effusion.  If so, there is no indication of tamponade physiology.  Lungs are fully expanded and clear, and there is no pleural effusion.', 'Findings: The heart is mild to moderately enlarged.  The cardiac, mediastinal
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is a subtle opacity at the left lung base, seen anteriorly on lateral view.  There is a mild S-shaped scoliosis of the thoracic lumbar spine. Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:  Updated findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the telephone on ___ at 4:26 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Mild opacification at the left base most likely reflects atelectatic changes. In the appropriate clinical setting, a superimposed pneumonia could be considered.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  Nipple shadow should not be confused for nodules.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The patient has a left-sided PICC line.  The tip of the line is barely visible on the frontal radiograph.  On the lateral radiograph, the line shows to project over the lower SVC.  No evidence of lung parenchymal abnormalities.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change in the appearance of the tracheostomy tube. No definite pneumomediastinum or pneumothorax or evidence of acute pneumonia or vascular congestion.', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Since ___, a tracheostomy tube is been placed. A small amount of pneumomediastinum has developed following the procedure, but there is no visible pneumothorax.  Lungs are clear except for minor atelectasis at the left base. Impression: ', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  A replaced tracheostomy is noted in the expected position.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Mild bibasilar atelectasis is noted.  Heart size is unchanged.  There is no pulmonary edema. Impression: Replaced tracheostomy is seen in the expected location.  No evidence of pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Tr
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and well-aerated lungs without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: . ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT EXAMINATION:  Chest radiographs  INDICATION:  History: ___F with dyspnea, s/p recent cardioversion, h/o AF w/ RVR  // ? acute cardiopulm process, pulm edema  TECHNIQUE:  PA and lateral images of the chest.  COMPARISON:  Comparison is made with chest radiographs from ___ and ___ and ___  FINDINGS:   The lungs are hyperinflated, suggestive of emphysematous changes.  Interstitial markings are similar to prior exam and may reflect chronic lung disease or mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is moderately enlarged. Impression: No acute findings.', 'Findings:  Impression: Left apical pneumothorax is not well seen.  There is a persistent small apical opacity along the superior medial left lung border, unchanged.  There is a right IJ central
['Findings: Lungs are clear bilaterally.  Heart is mildly enlarged.  Overall appearance of the chest is similar to prior study dated ___.  Probable calcified granuloma projects over the left midlung zone.  The aorta is tortuous.  Mediastinal contours are unchanged.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No displaced rib fracture is identified.  Known proximal right humerus fracture is better evaluated on concurrent shoulder films. Impression: Overall stable appearance of the chest without a displaced rib fracture identified.  If clinical concern persists, dedicated rib views with radiopaque marker indicating site of concern is advised.  Known proximal right humerus fracture is better seen on dedicated films performed the same day.', 'Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  The aorta is tortuous.  Mediastinal contours are normal.  There is dextroscoliosis, slightly more pronounced compared to prior study.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Surgical clips in the right upper quadrant suggest prior cholecystectomy. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There has been interval placement of a left-sided chest tube with tip terminating near the medial left mid lung field.  Small pneumothorax seen on the previous CT exam is not clearly identified on the current study.  There has been interval decrease in size of the left pleural effusion, now appearing small to moderate in size.  Small amount of subcutaneous emphysema in the left lateral chest wall is noted.  Again demonstrated are low lung volumes.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are similar possible small pneumomediastinum noted to the left lateral aspect of the aortic knob.  There is crowding of bronchovascular structures without pulmonary edema.  Bibasilar patchy opacities likely reflect areas of compressive atelectasis.  Multiple displaced left-sided rib fractures are again noted. Impression: Interval placement of left-sided chest tube with slight interval decrease in size of the left pleural effusion, now appearing small to moderate in size.  Continued bibasilar atelectasis.  Multiple left-sided rib fractures are re- demonstrated.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The hilar contours
['Findings: In the interval, the patient has undergone anterior discectomy and anterior fusion from C5-C7.  The lungs are clear, the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.']
["Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The patient is status post median sternotomy, CABG, and aortic valve replacement.  The lateral view is suboptimal due to the patient's overlying arm projecting over the posterior lung fields.  On the frontal view, there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic angle, which could be due to a trace pleural effusion or pleural thickening.  No left pleural effusion is seen.  There is no focal consolidation or evidence of pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged.  The aorta is calcified and tortuous.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  There is a 0.8 cm rounded opacity projecting over the posterior right ninth rib at the right lung base which is most likely artifactual, however, recommend oblique radiograph for further evaluation. Impression: 1.  Suboptimal lateral view due to patient's arm overlying the posterior chest.  On the frontal view, there is blunting of the right costophrenic angle, may be due to a small pleural effusion versus pleural thickening.  2.  0.8 cm
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Postoperative changes are again seen within the right hemithorax.  There has been further consolidation at the right lung base which contains locules of air. A small-moderate right pneumothorax is unchanged.  There has been improvement in the airspace opacities within the lower lobes.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Impression: 1.  Further consolidation of the right lung base with an unchanged small-moderate pneumothorax.   2. Improved lower lobe airspace opacities.', 'Findings: were recognized. Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Moderate right pneumothorax, no smaller and possibly larger today than it was on ___, despite right pleural tube.  Orientation of the pleural tube is consistent with but not diagnostic of fissural placement.  The lower pleural tube is unchanged in position at the base of the right hemithorax, largely in the air-filled pleural space.  Small left pleural effusion is new.  Interval increase in heart size and mediastinal vascular caliber suggests increased intravascular volume.  Dr. ___ was paged at 12:
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is little overall change.  Continued low lung volumes with the cardiac silhouette mildly enlarged.  No evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  This accentuates the size of the cardiac silhouette which appears moderately enlarged.  Tortuosity of the thoracic aorta is again noted.  Hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Patchy opacities are noted in the lung bases which may reflect areas of atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Impression: Patchy bibasilar opacities likely reflect atelectasis in the setting low lung volumes.  No evidence for congestive heart failure.', 'Findings: The heart appears to be mildly enlarged.  Thoracic aorta is tortuous.  Cardiomediastinal contours are otherwise unchanged from the prior study.  Lungs are better expanded and the density seen over the right upper lobe on the prior study is no longer appreciated.  No focal areas of consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  No ple
['Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes are slightly decreased.  The lungs demonstrate slight prominence of the interstitial lung markings and nodular opacities predominantly in the right lung base with ill-defined opacities in the bilateral lung apices, which is concerning for an infectious process.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The trachea is midline.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: Multifocal opacities concerning for infection.']
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images. The heart is normal in size and there is no evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.']
["Findings: Compared to prior, there are indistinct but nodular opacities in the right upper lung as well as in the right lower lobe.  The left lung is grossly clear.  Left hilus appears fuller on today's exam compared to ___.  No pleural abnormality is seen.  The heart size is top normal and unchanged. Impression: Nodular opacities in the right upper lung and right lower lobe.  ___ be atypical pneumonia.  However, given left hilar fullness, further evaluation with chest CT is recommended.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Nodular opacities in the right upper lung and right lower lobe. ___ be atypical pneumonia or pulmonary edema.  However, given left hilar fullness, further evaluation with chest CT is recommended.  NOTIFICATION:   The impression and recommendation above was entered by Dr. ___ on ___ at 17:46 into the Department of Radiology critical communications system for direct communication to the referring provider.", 'Findings: Heart size is top-normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Minimal increased interstitial opacities
['Findings: Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: Top-normal cardiac silhouette size.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: 2 views of the chest demonstrates clear lungs.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  No pleural abnormality is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is borderline enlarged, unchanged.  Aortic knob calcifications are again noted.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are mild degenerative changes noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is no interval change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings: AP and lateral images of the chest.  Mildly prominent pulmonary vasculature.  Retrocardiac opacity, which may reflect atelectasis but cannot exclude pneumonia or aspiration in the right clinical setting.  Possible small left pleural effusion.  There is no right pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is borderline enlarged. Impression: 1. Prominent pulmonary vasculature.    2. Retrocardiac opacity, which may reflect atelectasis but cannot exclude pneumonia or aspiration in
['Findings: AND Impression: The lungs are fully expanded and clear.  No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax is seen.  The heart, mediastinal and pleural surface contours are normal.  No free air is seen beneath the diaphragm.']
['Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in sitting semi-upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding similar study of ___.  The heart size is unchanged.  No evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  Previously described right-sided subclavian approach central venous line is seen now to terminate overlying the SVC at the level of the carina.  Thus, it has been withdrawn by a few centimeters and is now in acceptable position.  The previously identified NG tube that was reaching the upper portion of the stomach has now been withdrawn by a few centimeters so that its tip reaches just the hiatal area.  The side port is about 8 cm above the level of the hiatus.  No gross pulmonary changes are identified on these portable examinations. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the nasogastric tube has been advanced.  The tip projects over the proximal parts of the stomach.  The side port is at the level of the gastroesophageal junction.  The tube should be advanced by another 5 cm.  Otherwise, the radiograph is unchanged.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema.
['Findings: are suggestive of minimally progressive disease, with enlargement suggested for instance in the left perihilar area, although any difference does appear relatively minimal.  CONCLUSION:  Widespread metastatic disease. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion, or edema.  Calcified right lung base granuloma is again noted.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal and unchanged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  There is a 0.6 cm calcified granuloma in the right midlung, unchanged since at least ___.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', "Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Projecting over the region of the posterior right eighth rib, there is a 6 mm rounded calcified nodule most likely representing a calcified granuloma.  The remainder of the lungs is clear.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  The aorta
['Findings: Lung volumes are slightly decreased. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.   There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are slightly low.  Heart size is top normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Minimal patchy opacities are seen in the lung bases, likely reflective of atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is clearly seen.  Mild degenerative changes are noted in the lower thoracic spine. Impression: Low lung volumes with probable bibasilar atelectasis.  No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.', 'Findings: Heart size is accent
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.  Patchy opacity at the right apex most likely corresponds to the known irregular mass seen on the recent CT dated ___.  There is some crowding of the pulmonary vasculature and streaky opacities at both bases likely reflecting a diminished inspiration rather than an acute process.  No pleural effusions, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax is appreciated, although if the patient was imaged in the supine position, the sensitivity to detect a pneumothorax would be diminished.  Therefore, followup imaging would be advised.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: There is a minimal right apical pneumothorax.  The spiculated right upper lobe opacity corresponds to a mass seen on the recent chest CT from ___.  Otherwise, the lung volumes are slightly low, accentuating cardiac contour and pulmonary vasculature.  No focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion is detected.  The mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: Minimal right apical pneumothorax.  These findings were relayed to Dr. ___, at 16:57.',
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: Normal chest x-ray.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is mildly enlarged. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is upper zone vascular redistribution compatible with mild pulmonary vascular engorgement. Small bilateral pleural effusions are present along with bibasilar patchy opacities. No pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: Small bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar patchy opacities, likely atelectasis.  Mild pulmonary vascular engorgement.']
['Findings:  Impression: ET tube is in standard position.  NG tube tip is out of view below the diaphragm.  Right IJ catheter tip is in the cavoatrial junction.  There is no evident pneumothorax.  There are low lung volumes. Mild cardiomegaly is stable.  Bilateral left greater than right peribronchial consolidations are better seen on prior CT probably unchanged. Large right and small left pleural effusion associated with adjacent atelectasis and multiple bilateral lung masses and nodules were better evaluated on prior CT as well as multiple bone lesions (patient has known multiple myeloma).', 'Findings: MIGHT BE CONSISTENT WITH INTERVAL DEVELOPMENT OF FLUSH PULMONARY EDEMA, ALTHOUGH MULTIFOCAL CONSOLIDATIONS IS A POSSIBILITY. Impression: RIGHT CENTRAL VENOUS LINE TIP IS AT THE PROXIMAL RIGHT ATRIUM AND MIGHT BE PULLED BACK 2 CM HEART SIZE AND MEDIASTINUM ARE STABLE.  THERE IS INTERVAL SUBSTANTIAL PROGRESSION OF BIBASAL OPACITIES BUT UNCHANGED
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: could be explained by pulmonary edema and concurrent right-sided pneumonia or even pulmonary hemorrhage.  Heart is normal size and pleural effusions are small if any.  The right PIC line still extends approximately 7 cm across the midline beyond the origin of the SVC.  No pneumothorax. Impression: There has been no improvement in the moderately severe interstitial abnormality throughout the left lung with greater coalescence on the right.  Findings could be explained by pulmonary edema and concurrent right-sided pneumonia or even pulmonary hemorrhage.  Heart is normal size and pleural effusions are small if any.  The right PIC line still extends approximately 7 cm across the midline beyond the origin of the SVC.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Portable AP upright chest film ___ at 21:41 is submitted. Impression: Endotracheal tube has its tip 3 cm above the carina. The right internal jugular central line has its tip in the distal SVC near the cavoatrial junction. The pulmonary vasculature is now indistinct suggesting interval appearance of mild interstitial edema. Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable given differences in technique
['Findings: Bibasilar atelectasis noted.  Mid upper lungs appear clear.  There is no large pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  Mild cardiomegaly is noted.  Bony structures intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly and bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Increased opacity in the right middle lobe is a pneumonia. The remainder of the lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. Impression: Right middle lobe pneumonia.', 'Findings: There has been interval resolution of the right middle lobe pneumonia.  No new focal consolidations are identified.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: Interval resolution of the right middle lobe pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. Normal lung volumes. Normal appearance of the cardiac silhouette and of the hilar and mediastinal structures. No pleural effusions. No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is little overall change. Again there is some hyperexpansion of the lungs with mild prominence of interstitial markings.  No evidence of acute focal pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  The heart is top-normal in size. The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax. There is no pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Since ___, peribronchial opacification in the left lower lobe has largely cleared.  Bronchiectasis, if any, is relatively mild and I see no new regions of abnormality in either lung.  The heart is top normal size.  There is no vascular engorgement or edema.  No pleural abnormality or evidence of central adenopathy.  Heart size is top normal, unchanged. Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___ and intervening chest CT ___.  FINDINGS:  Since ___, peribronchial opacification in the left lower lobe has largely cleared.  Bronchiectasis,
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear bilaterally with no signs of pneumonia or CHF.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.  Please refer to findings on subsequent CT abdomen and pelvis as there are nodular opacities in the left lower lung which are not clearly visualized on chest radiograph.', 'Findings: A Port-A-Cath terminates at the cavoatrial junction.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  It is difficult to evaluate opacities seen on prior chest CT since these were radiographically occult.  There are streaky left basilar opacities on this examination, not specific but suggesting minor atelectasis with a suspected very small new left-sided pleural effusion.  The right lung remains clear by radiography.  There is no pneumothorax or right-sided pleural effusion. Impression: Increasing patchy left
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures are unremarkable.  There has been no significant change. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: Normal chest x-ray.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits.  The bilateral hila are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear.  There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There is no free intraperitoneal air. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac size is top-normal.  There may be slight prominence of the AP window, underlying lymphadenopathy not excluded. Impression: No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  Possible slight prominence at the AP window ; underlying lymphadenopathy not excluded.  This finding could be further assessed on nonurgent chest CT.']
['Findings: Low lung volumes are noted with crowding of the bronchovascular markings.  The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion, or overt pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Calcification noted the region of the coracoclavicular ligament likely from prior injury.  Chronic posterior right sixth and seventh rib fractures are noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, following biopsy, there is no evidence of pneumothorax.  Overall appearance of the heart and lungs is quite similar with opacification at the left base consistent with some combination of atelectasis and effusion.  No vascular congestion. Impression: ', 'Findings: Increased opacity in the right upper lung with air bronchograms is concerning for pneumonia.  The left lung is clear aside from left basilar atelecatsis.  The known right upper lobe mass is again seen.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  There is no free air under the diaphragm. Sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are noted. Radioopaque foreign bodies project over the right mid lung. Impression: Right upper lobe opacity is likely pneumonia, possibly post obstructive in the setting of known right upper lobe mass.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding portable chest examination of ___.  Status post sternotomy related to bypass surgery as before.  Heart size remains normal.  Thoracic aorta generally widened and
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no pulmonary edema.  The heart is normal in size, and the mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
["Findings: On the current exam, the lungs are clear.  Opacity projecting over lung bases on lateral view was not clearly delineated on today's exam.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Lungs are now clear.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed via telephone by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on ___ at 7:12 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.", "Findings: Lung volumes are slightly low.  Cardiac silhouette appears prominent but could be exaggerated by shallow inspiration.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is increased peribronchial density in the lower lobes on the lateral view.  On the PA view, it is not clear whether it is more prominent on the right than left.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax, and no evidence for pulmonary edema.  There is mild anterior wedging of ___ mid to lower thoracic vertebral bodies. Impression: 1. Prominence of peribronchial markings in the lower lobes, possibly greater on the right than left, is compatible with at
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest were acquired.  Lung volumes are low, causing accentuation of the pulmonary vasculature.  There is minimal bilateral lower lobe atelectasis.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal.  There are no pleural effusions.  There is no pneumothorax.  No definite rib fractures are seen. Impression: 1.  Minimal bibasilar atelectasis.  No acute cardiac or pulmonary process.  2.  No definite rib fractures identified.  If there is persistent concern for rib fracture, a dedicated rib series is more sensitive.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The aorta is moderately tortuous.  Patchy calcification is noted along the aorta.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Lungs appear clear.  Surgical clips project over each upper quadrant.  There is mild probably chronic loss in two adjacent vertebral body heights along the lower thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or frank pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  The lungs are clear bilaterally.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Tiny clips are seen anteriorly at the level of the upper abdomen as on prior CT. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The heart is of normal size with normal cardiomediastinal contours.  Subsegmental atelectasis is seen at the left lung base.  No pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable.  Osseous structures are unremarkable.  No radiopaque foreign body. Impression: Left lung base subsegmental atelectasis.', 'Findings: There is bibasilar atelectasis without definite focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable..  No displaced fracture is identified.  Evidence of DISH is seen along the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate bilateral nerve stimulators.  There is mild bibasilar atelectasis, but no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Comparison is made to previous radiographs from ___.  There is left ventricular prominence.  There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm with some atelectasis at the lung bases.  There is mild prominence of pulmonary interstitial markings suggestive of minimal pulmonary edema.  There are likely small bilateral pleural effusions with blunting of the CP angles.  There are no pneumothoraces. Impression: ', 'Findings: The right PICC terminates in the mid SVC, previously at the cavoatrial junction.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette including moderate to severe cardiomegaly is unchanged.  Persistent mild pulmonary edema and small bilateral effusions. No pneumothorax. Impression: 1. The right PICC has been pulled back now terminating in the mid SVC, previously at the cavoatrial junction. 2. Persistent moderate to severe cardiomegaly, mild pulmonary edema and small bilateral effusions.']
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Streaky atelectasis is noted in the lung bases. Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Mild to moderate multilevel degenerative changes are seen in the thoracic spine. Impression: Streaky bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: There is a three-lead pacemaker/ICD device with leads terminating in the right atrium, right ventricle, and coronary sinus, respectively.  The heart appears moderately enlarged.  The aorta is calcified.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The interstitium is mildly hazy appearance suggesting mild vascular congestion. Fissures are mildly thickened. The bones are probably demineralized. Impression: Findings suggests mild vascular congestion but no evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: The heart size is mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Streaky left basilar opacity likely reflects atelectasis.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormalities are identified. Impression: Mild left basilar atelectasis.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study ___ ___, the right IJ catheter is been removed.  The hemidiaphragms are more sharply seen and the hazy opacification at the bases is no longer present.  Although this may reflect some improvement in pleural effusions and atelectatic changes, much of the difference in appearance may be a manifestation of the erect position of the patient.  Mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is seen with atelectatic changes at the base. No evidence of acute pneumonia or vascular congestion.', 'Findings:  Impression: Large right and moderate left pleural effusions with adjacent atelectasis are grossly unchanged.  Mediastinal widening has improved.  Cardiac size cannot be evaluated.  Right IJ catheter tip is in the lower SVC.  Radiolucencies projecting in the left base suggests the presence of pneumothorax.  The sternal wires are aligned.', 'Findings: Patient is status post CABG.  Low lung volumes persist.  An ETT is seen 3.3 cm above the carina.  An NG tube is seen coiling in the fundus.  A right
['Findings: Since the prior exam, the endotracheal tube and enteric tube have been removed.  Additionally, the left-sided chest tube has been removed.  A right internal jugular central venous catheter is in unchanged position with the tip in the mid SVC.  Post-surgical changes from a prior CABG are noted in the mediastinum.  There is minimal left basilar atelectasis and a possible tiny left pleural effusion.  There is no focal airspace consolidation.  There is no right pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax is identified.  The mediastinal contours are unchanged, and consistent with a normal post-operative appearance.  The heart size is mildly enlarged, and unchanged. Impression: Status post left chest tube removal.  No evidence of pneumothorax.', 'Findings: A right internal jugular catheter is unchanged with the tip in the mid SVC.  Since prior exam, the lung volumes are lower.  This is accentuating the bronchovascular structures.  There is new mild interstitial edema.  Left basilar atelectasis is slightly worse.  There is also likely a small left pleural eff
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
["Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The heart is of normal size with stable cardiomediastinal contours.  Right perihilar and right perifissural opacities are consistent with the patient's known lung cancer and similar to ___.  Left apical opacity is also stable and compatible with known apical neoplasm.  Blunting of the right costophrenic angle is compatible with a moderate-sized pleural effusion, similar to ___.  No radiopaque foreign body.  Osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: Right perihilar, right mid lung, and left apical opacities, similar to ___.  No obvious superimposed pneumonia or significant interval disease progression, allowing for differences in technique.  Moderate-sized right pleural effusion.", 'Findings: The right-sided pleural effusion has improved slightly since the prior study.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours remain stable and unremarkable.  Again noted are perihilar and perifissural opacities which remain stable as well as the left apical opacity. Impression: Slight improvement of right-sided pleural effusion.',
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Marked dimunition of pulmonary vasculature in the upper lobes may be due to emphysema or brochiolitis obliterans. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There are no acute skeletal abnormalities. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Marked dimunition of pulmonary vasculature in the upper lobes may be due to emphysema or bronchiolitis obliterans.  Consider further evaluation with CT Chest.   These findings were entered into the critical results dashboard by Dr. ___ at 1:40pm on the day of the study.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: There is recurrence of moderate to large left pleural effusion. Left lower lobe is likely collapsed. There is pulmonary vascular congestion and trace pulmonary edema, reflected in ___ B-lines at the right lung base and b ronchial cuffing, worse compared to ___. Left heart border is obscured by the pleural effusion. Right heart border and mediastinal silhouettes are unchanged. Impression: Recurrence of moderate to large left pleural effusion. Left lower lobe collapse is likely. New mild pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the there has been a left thoracentesis with substantial residual pleural effusion. No evidence of pneumothorax. Otherwise little change.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little overall change. Left chest tube remains in place with no evidence of pneumothorax.  Continued opacification at the left base is is most likely related to small effusion and volume loss in the left lower lobe.  Mild elevation of pulmonary venous pressure process.', 'Findings: The heart is top-normal in size, but stable from the prior exam
['Findings:  Impression: Bilateral diffuse consolidations / multifocal pneumonia,  larger in the left lower hemi thorax have worsened. ET tube is in standard position. Right PICC tip is in the mid to lower SVC. NG tube tip is in the stomach but the side port is probably at the EG junction and could be advanced for more standard position. There is no evident pneumothorax. Small left effusion is unchanged. Patient has known mediastinal lymphadenopathy. Cardiac size is normal', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there has been some decrease in the diffuse bilateral opacification is, clinically consistent with pneumonia. Some degree of .vascular congestion could well be present. Little change in the monitoring and support devices', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the and nasogastric tubes have study of ___, the endotracheal been removed. Diffuse bilateral pulmonary opacifications are essentially unchanged.  The poorly defined nodular opacities with apparent cavitation suggests the possibility of septic emboli or a granulomatous infection.', 'Findings: were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on ___ at
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  A pre-existing left lower lobe opacity has completely resolved.  No new opacity.  No complications, notably no pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are remarkable for tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear except for new peribronchiolar opacities in the retrocardiac portion of the left lower lobe.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: New peribronchial left lower lobe opacities are concerning for developing pneumonia or an acute aspiration event.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear of airspace or interstitial opacity.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  No acute or aggressive osseus changes. Impression: No acute radiographic intrathoracic pulmonary disease.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or
['Findings: Heart size is normal. The aorta remains tortuous. Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Mild to moderate degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine. . Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Mild to moderate cardiomegaly is accentuated by the projection.  The patient is rotated.  There is mild fluid overload.  There is no pneumothorax.  If any there is small left effusion.  Opacities in the left lower lobe are consistent with atelectasis.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no pulmonary edema.  The heart is normal in size, and the mediastinal contours are normal.  No displaced rib fractures are noted.   Although no acute fracture or other chest wall lesion is seen, conventional chest radiographs are not sufficient for detection or characterization of most such abnormalities. If the demonstration of trauma to the chest wall is clinically warranted,  the location of any referrable focal findings  should be clearly marked and imaged with either bone detail radiographs or Chest CT scanning. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. Minimal retrocardiac atelectasis.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  A platelike atelectasis seen on the previous image is no longer visualized.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous examination, the patient has received a nasogastric tube. The tube has a normal course, the tip projects over the gastroesophageal junction, the tube should be advanced by approximately 5 cm. There are new platelike atelectasis at both the left and the right lung bases. No complication, notably no pneumothorax. The left pectoral Port-A-Cath is unchanged.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinum is normal.  Bilateral breast proceed is is re- demonstrated.  Upper lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  No focal consolidation to suggest infectious process demonstrated.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Lung volumes are appreciably lower today accounting in part for some of the apparent increase in caliber of the already widened mediastinum, which is probably stable mediastinal venous engorgement presumably due to volume overload.  I doubt there is pulmonary edema.  Small right pleural effusion is new or newly apparent.  No pneumothorax.  Bilateral infrahilar opacification is probably atelectasis.', 'Findings: A bedside AP radiograph of the chest demonstrates new pulmonary edema as well as engorgement of the mediastinal vasculature, consistent with acute exacerbation of congestive heart failure.  In addition there may be consolidation of the left lower lobe obscuring the descending aortic contour.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The heart size is top normal. Impression: Acute decompensated congestive heart failure with consolidation of the left lower lobe which may represent underlying pneumonia, new since the CTA obtained ___.', 'Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate clear lungs.  The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are
['Findings: could reflect atelectasis, infection, or aspiration, and continued radiographic followup is advised. Impression: 1.  Endotracheal and orogastric tubes in standard positions. 2.  Ill-defined opacities in the left upper lung field as well as both lower lung fields.  Findings could reflect atelectasis, infection, or aspiration, and continued radiographic followup is advised.']
['Findings: Low lung volumes are noted.  Endotracheal tube tip is approximately 5.5 cm from the carina.  There are bibasilar opacities, likely atelectasis.  Superiorly the lungs are clear.  Cardiac silhouette is likely accentuated by AP technique with low lung volumes.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities, likely atelectasis.  Infection cannot be excluded.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ radiograph, bibasilar atelectasis has slightly worsened.  No other relevant changes.', 'Findings: The ETT terminates 5 cm above the carina.  The NG tube curls in the stomach.  Low lung volumes.  There is bibasilar atelectasis, left worse than right.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  Heart size is stable.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are stable. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: 1. Appropriate positioning of the ETT and NG tube.
['Findings: Mild left apical pleural thickening.  Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar contours.  Normal pleural surfaces.  Fully expanded, clear lungs.  No pulmonary vascular congestion, acute pneumonia, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute pneumonia or pulmonary edema to suggest acute on chronic CHF.', 'Findings: Mild left apical pleural thickening.  Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar contours.  Normal pleural surfaces.  Fully expanded, clear lungs.  No pulmonary vascular congestion, acute pneumonia, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: On the frontal view, ___ with 8 mm wide rounded opacity projects over the cardiac silhouette and the medial left ninth posterior interspace. This might correspond to a 3.5 cm elliptical opacity which on the lateral view projects over the aortic root placing the lesion in the lingula, 4, instead it may correspond to a 2 cm wide opacity projecting over the lower thoracic spine.  A dedicated chest CT is warranted for further evaluation.  The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits.  The Impression: A  chest CT is recommended to evaluate one or 2 lung lesions, either of which could be infectious or neoplastic.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  A  chest CT is recommended to evaluate one or 2 lung lesions, either of which could be infectious or neoplastic.  NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:08 AM, 10 minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings: The heart appears borderline enlarged. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear. Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: Borderline heart size. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Cardiac size appears enlarged.  There is widening of the mediastinal silhouette consistent with dilated ascending aorta on chest CT. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process or evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: 1 there is hazy density projecting over the right hemithorax could represent loculated fluid there is a small right apical pneumothorax with right chest tube is still in place.  There is subcutaneous emphysema on the right.  There is a small amount of aerated lung in the right lower lobe.  The left lung is well aerated. Impression: Persistent apical pneumothorax similar appearance of lungs compared to prior.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Increased size of cardiac silhouette likely secondary to pericardial effusion. 2.  Interval worsening of interstitial and airspace opacity in the right lower lobe, concerning for pneumonia given the rapidity of progression. 3.  Persistent loculated right pleural effusion with ongoing collapse of the right upper lobe.', 'Findings: Portable view of the chest demonstrates a collapsed right upper lobe.  While the lower lobe is expanded behind it, there still does appear to be an area of apical pneumothorax on the right.  A right-sided chest tube terminates at the base.  Cardiac size is unremarkable and the left lung is normal.  No pleural effusion
['Findings: Heart size is top normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Slight blunting of the left costophrenic angle appears chronic and unchanged, probably due to minor scarring. The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings:  Impression: Aside from linear scarring at the left base, lungs are well expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal.  Left lateral pleural sulcus is chronically scarred.  There is no indication of pleural effusion.', 'Findings: should be evaluated with detailed rib views.  The lungs are fully expanded and clear.  The heart size is top normal, mediastinal and hilar silhouettes are otherwise normal. Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Left pleural scarring
['Findings: There is a very mild interstitial abnormality including peribronchial cuffing, an appearance which may be associated with mild congestion among other causes.  Otherwise, the lungs appear clear.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  The patient is status post aortic valve replacement with sternotomy.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: Slight interstitial abnormality which, in overall context, probably reflects mild pulmonary vascular congestion, although atypical infection or bronchial inflammation could have a similar appearance.', 'Findings: The heart size is mildly enlarged and there is mild pulmonary vascular re-distribution with perihilar haze that is worse when compared to the prior study.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions with increased opacity at both bases which likely represents volume loss, although early infiltrate cannot be excluded.  The overall impression is that of CHF. Impression: is that of CHF.', 'Findings: The patient is status post aortic valve replacement and CABG.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal contours are unchanged with calcifications noted at the aortic arch.  There
['Findings: Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear bilaterally. No evidence of focal consolidations, effusions or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: No focal opacity to suggest pneumonia is seen.  No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax is present.  The heart size is top normal.  There is tortuosity of the aorta. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: There is an opacity in the lingula.  The heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Lingular opacity could reflect atelectasis or early pneumonia.', 'Findings: Mild cardiomegaly is stable from multiple prior studies.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumonia.  Mild bibasilar atelectasis is present. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs.  Increased density overlying the spine on the lateral view is more likely due to atelectasis and elevation of the hemidiaphragm compared to prior.  There is no definite focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hila, and pleura are normal.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax.  Anterior osteophytes in the thoracic spine. No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: No radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Clear lungs.']
['Findings: Heart size is within normal limits.  Aortic calcifications are again seen.  Calcified AP window lymph node is stable.  There is a questionable perihilar consolidation in the right lower lobe.  There is no evidence for pulmonary edema, or pleural effusion.  Thoracic scoliosis is noted.  Radiopaque contrast is noted in the splenic flexure of the colon. Impression: Questionable perihilar consolidation in the right lower lobe, compatible with pneumonia in an appropriate clinical setting.  NOTIFICATION:  Results were discussed over the telephone at 17:23 on ___ by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___, ___ min after discovery.']
['Findings: There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Lower cervical spine fusion hardware is partially imaged.  There is no subdiaphragmatic free air. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Spinal hardware is noted.  Unremarkable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette.  No cardiomegaly.   No pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.  Minimal atelectasis or scarring at the lung bases.  Lung fields are otherwise clear. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs are free of focal consolidations, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities are identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is no widening of the mediastinum.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No comparison.  The lung volumes are normal.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: Since ___ basilar consolidation has progessed, best appreciated on the lateral view, obscuring both diaphragmatic pleural interfaces .  Small left pleural effusion is unchanged. Mild to moderate cardiomegaly, conceivable phsysiologic in the early postpartum period, is unchanged. There is no pulmonary edema. Impression: Probable new bibasilar pneumonia. Cardiomegaly needs to be monitored.  NOTIFICATION:  Dr. ___ ___ the findings by telephone with the___ medical care provider as soon as the findings made, approximately 2PM.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates a new retrocardiac opacity with obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm.  While this may reflect a component of atelectasis, an infection cannot be excluded.  There is likely a small left pleural effusion.  The right lung remains clear with linear platelike atelectasis within the right lower lobe.  Allowing for the decreased lung volumes when compared to prior radiograph dated ___, the cardiomediastinal and hilar contours appear stable. Impression: 1. New retrocardiac opacification which may reflect a component of at
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vasculature normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest ___ at 20:27 are submitted. Impression: Interval removal of right internal jugular sheath.  Patient is status post median sternotomy with aortic valve replacement.  Stable postoperative cardiac and mediastinal contours.  Small bilateral effusions with patchy opacity at the left base likely reflect compressive atelectasis.  Linear opacities in the left mid lung likely reflect scarring or subsegmental atelectasis.  No evidence of pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.  Calcification of the descending aorta consistent with atherosclerosis.', 'Findings: The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded with mild peribronchial cuffing and bilateral heterogeneous opacities, right greater than left.  No focal opacity. No pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.  Mild cardiomegaly is noted.  Mediastinal contour and hila are otherwise unremarkable. Impression: 1.  Mild pulmonary edema with mild cardiomegaly. 2.  No definite pneumonia. 3.  Hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema.', 'Find
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, effusion, edema, or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinum is not widened.  No acute osseous abnormality.  No pleural abnormality.  The stomach is moderately distended with ingested contents. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.  Moderately distended stomach.']
['Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in sitting semi-upright position.  The heart size is within normal limits.  Moderate widening and elongation of thoracic aorta, but no local contour abnormalities are identified.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  No signs of acute parenchymal infiltrates are present and the lateral pleural sinuses are free.  Moderate elevation of the left hemidiaphragm coincides with gas-distended left-sided colonic loops.  No evidence of pneumothorax in the apical area.  No indwelling lines or tubes.  Our records do not include a previous chest examination available for comparison. Impression: No evidence of acute pulmonary infiltrate or pulmonary congestion in an ___-year-old female patient with history of fever as can be identified on single portable chest view.']
['Findings: which may be reflective of atelectasis, though infection cannot be completely excluded.  Focal area of pleural thickening is noted within the right mid lateral hemithorax.  There is no pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormality is seen. Impression: Low lung volumes with patchy opacities at the lung bases which may reflect atelectasis, though infection is not completely excluded.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained demonstrating clear, well expanded lungs without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  A stable area of peripheral scarring is noted in the right upper lobe.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  Bony structures appear intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: Stable area of scarring in the right upper lobe.  Otherwise, unremarkable study.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Normal lung volumes.  Minimal scarring at the right upper lobe bases
['Findings: The heart size is mildly enlarged, slightly increased when compared to the previous exam.  The aorta is tortuous.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion.  Fibronodular opacities within the lung apices persist, though there are least 2 new ill-defined nodular opacities noted within the right upper lobe.  Calcified granuloma within the left lower lobe, superior segment is unchanged.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated.  No acute osseous abnormalities are seen. Impression: Increased nodular opacities within the right lung apex could reflect a superimposed process on a background of chronic granulomatous disease within the lung apices.  These processes could be infectious, inflammatory, or possibly neoplastic.  Chest CT is suggested for further assessment.']
['Findings:  Impression: Film 2. Shows the feeding tube correctly positioned in the stomach.  The course is unremarkable.  No complications, notably no pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the patient has taken a better inspiration.  Again there is mild-to-moderate vascular congestion in a patient with intact midline sutures and prosthetic right shoulder.  Old fracture deformities of the distal clavicles are again seen.  No evidence of acute focal pneumonia.  Blunting of the left costophrenic angle could reflect small effusion or pleural thickening.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  There is interval minimal change in mild vascular congestion.  No definitive focal consolidation to suggest infection demonstrated.  Fracture of the distal aspect of both clavicles is re- demonstrated, chronicity and clear.  There is no increase in pleural effusion or interval development of pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs ___:56.  Mild interstitial edema is new.  Heart is normal size.  No
['Findings: As compared to ___, there are increasing bilateral pleural effusions.  Bibasal moderate atelectasis have also increased.  Mild cardiomegaly.  No pneumothorax. Impression: Worsening bilateral moderate pleural effusions and bibasal opacities likely increasing atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there again are substantially low lung volumes.  The pulmonary vascular congestion has substantially cleared.  Atelectatic changes with pleural fluid are again seen on the right.  On the left, the hemidiaphragm is quite sharp, though there is blunting of the costophrenic angle that could represent some pleural fluid associated with basilar atelectatic changes. In the appropriate clinical setting, it would be difficult to definitely exclude superimposed pneumonia, especially in the absence of a lateral view.', 'Findings:  Impression: No previous images.  There are low lung volumes.  Some indistinctness of pulmonary vessels could reflect some elevation pulmonary venous pressure.  The hemidiaphragms are not sharply seen, raising the possibility of small layering effusions with compressive at
['Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  Heart size and mediastinal contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Osseous structures are intact. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: There are faint bibasilar atelectatic changes.  There is no focal lung consolidation.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: Chest PA and lateral radiograph demonstrates unremarkable mediastinal, hilar and cardiac contours.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax evident. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Right internal jugular Swan-Ganz catheter has its tip in the left pulmonary artery.  An endotracheal tube has its tip at the thoracic inlet.  A nasogastric tube is seen coursing below the diaphragm with the tip not identified.  Bibasilar chest tubes are unchanged in position.  A left-sided pacer is again seen with the leads terminating over the expected location of the right atrium and right ventricle respectively.  The patient is status post median sternotomy with mitral valve replacement.  Heart remains stably enlarged.  The previously seen pneumopericardium has nearly completely resolved.  There is persistent retrocardiac opacity with a probable layering effusion suggestive of compressive atelectasis.  The right lung is grossly clear.  No large right effusion is appreciated.  There is possibly a tiny right-sided pneumothorax as there is suggestion of an air-fluid level laterally in the region of the horizontal fissure; however, this may be positional rather than representing a true finding.  No left-sided pneumothorax.
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were reviewed and compared to the prior study.  A granuloma in the left lung is unchanged.  Otherwise, the lungs are clear and lung volumes have improved.  Normal heart, pleural and mediastinal surfaces. Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is moderate unfolding of the thoracic aorta.  The arch is partly calcified.  The heart is normal in size.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Streaky left basilar opacity suggests minor atelectasis.  Otherwise, the lungs appear clear.  There is mild loss in height of a lower thoracic vertebral body that appears chronic, although new since the remote prior radiographs.  A mild anterior wedge compression deformity of T12 is better depicted on a CT from the same day. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Lungs are grossly clear, without CHF or focal infiltrate.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute pulmonary process.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Left basal opacity with marked elevation of the left hemidiaphragm and overinflation of the left apical lung portions.  Apical medial thickening on the left.  The right lung appears normal.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Unchanged projection of surgical materials over the left upper quadrant. Impression: ']
['Findings: No pneumothorax detected.  Probable background COPD.  Surgical clip noted in right upper zone at the site of a right upper lobe nodule, much better depicted on the previous CT scan. Left upper lobe ground-glass nodule seen on CT is not readily apparent radiographically.  There is probable mild cardiomegaly.  No CHF, focal infiltrate or gross effusion.  Minimal atelectasis the cardiophrenic region noted.  Incidental note made of presumed bone island in the left inferior glenoid. Impression: No pneumothorax detected.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are unremarkable. There is mild fullness of the right hilum.  Patchy bibasilar airspace opacities may reflect areas of atelectasis but infection is not excluded.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Patchy airspace opacities in both lung bases may reflect atelectasis but infection is not excluded.  Fullness of the right hilum for which comparison with previous radiographs is recommended.  If none are available, consider CT with contrast to exclude an underlying mass.', 'Findings: When compared to prior, there has been no significant interval change.  Bibasilar opacities could be atelectasis noting that infection is not excluded.  Lungs are otherwise clear.  Right hilar fullness is again noted.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Bibasilar opacities likely atelectasis, infection not excluded.  Overall, findings are similar compared to prior. Right hilar fullness as previously noted and CT is suggested on a nonurgent basis
['Findings: A very ill-defined opacity in the left lower lateral lung may either represent a prominent part of epicardial fat pad; however, in an appropriate clinical setting, this may represent an early pneumonia.  Followup radiograph in three to four weeks is recommended to look for interval changes.  Right lung is clear.  Top normal heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are stable. Impression: Ill-defined opacity in the left lower lateral lung could be either a part of prominent epicardial fat pad; however, in an appropriate clinical setting, early lung pneumonia cannot be ruled out.  Followup radiograph in three to four weeks is recommended to look for interval changes.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear of focal consolidation or effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unchanged noting significant degenerative changes at the right glenohumeral and acromioclavicular joints. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Patient is rotated somewhat to the left.
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes.  There is no pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Descending aorta is slightly tortuous.  There is moderate cardiomegaly,globular cardica silhoutte. There is no pulmonary edema.  There are prominent intersitial markings bilaterally. Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly, globular cardiac silhouette may reflect underlying pericardial effusion, which can be further assessed with cardiac ultrasound, if clinically indicated.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  Worsening opacity in the posterior basilar segment of the left lower lobe.  The heart is top-normal in size. Mediastinal contours and hila are normal.  No pleural effusion. Impression: Worsening opacity in the posterior basilar segment of the left lower lobe concerning for developing infectious pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___ ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 4:40 PM, 15 minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, the cardiac silhouette remains within normal limits and there is no evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  There is asymmetric opacification in the right apical region as seen on previous shoulder film.  This was not definitely seen on the previous examination or the CT of ___.  The appearance could merely reflect apical changes related to previous tuberculous disease that was not definitely appreciated on the previous study. However, the possibility of a developing neoplasm in this region would be difficult to exclude.  An apical lordotic view would be of value to better characterize this region.  Comparison with an interval study since the ___ chest radiograph would also be extremely helpful.  If uncertainty remains as to the etiology of this appearance, CT may be necessary. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the cardiac silhouette remains within normal limits without vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.  Little change in the asymmetric opacification involving both apical regions, which most likely represents old tuberculous disease.  .']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Small nodular opacity in the right upper lobe is equivocal.  The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2.  Vague nodular opacity in the right upper lobe may be further evaluated with a lordotic view.  Findings were communicated via phone call by ___ to ___ on ___ at ___ AM.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No subdiaphragmatic air is identified.  The lungs are clear. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  No subdiaphragmatic free air is present. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  No subdiaphragmatic free air identified.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are symmetrically well expanded with no focal consolidation, concerning for pneumonia, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Background COPD.  2.  Moderately severe cardiomegaly is stable compared with ___.  3.  Aneurysmally dilated descending aorta, also unchanged.  Based on studies available on PACs, this has never been assessed for possible dissection.  4.  Upper zone redistribution and mild vascular plethora, without overt CHF.  5.  Atelectasis, but no focal consolidation or gross effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear besides a calcified granuloma at the right lung base.  There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No free air seen below the diaphragm. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Subtle left basilar streaky opacity seen on the AP view does not have a clear correlate on the lateral view and may represent atelectasis. However, a subtle consolidation is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Subtle left basilar streaky opacity seen on the AP view does not have a clear correlate on the lateral view and may represent atelectasis. However, a subtle consolidation is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.']
['Findings: Mild to moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is re- demonstrated.  Lung volumes are decreased compared to the previous radiograph.  The aorta is diffusely calcified and mildly tortuous.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are noted along with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Additionally more focal opacity within the retrocardiac region is concerning for an area of pneumonia though atelectasis could have a similar appearance.  No pneumothorax is identified.  There are multilevel mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and small bilateral pleural effusions.  Retrocardiac opacity may reflect pneumonia, though atelectasis may have a similar appearance.', 'Findings: Prominent bilateral lower lung interstitial changes and increased opacity in the lower lungs, which could be pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours and hila are unchanged. Degenerative disease in the thoracic spine. Impression: 1. Prominent bilateral lower lung interstitial changes.  2. No definite focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia, but slight prominent opacity of the bilateral lower lungs that
['Findings: Lung volumes are somewhat low, resulting in vascular crowding, particularly at the lung bases. There is no consolidation or pleural effusion. Marked cardiomegaly is unchanged. A calcified right apical nodule corresponds to a granuloma as seen on the ___ chest CT. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia. Stable marked cardiomegaly.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Tip of the new right endotracheal tube is in standard position.  Right jugular line ends at the level of the superior cavoatrial junction and an upper enteric drainage tube passes below the diaphragm and out of view.  Interval increase in both heart size and mediastinal caliber is due to vascular engorgement, lungs are low in volume but there is no lobar collapse, edema or pneumonia.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  A fat pad adjacent to the left heart border likely accounts for subtle opacity seen.  No effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  Mild degenerative spurring in the mid thoracic spine noted.  There are clips in the right upper quadrant. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear and the pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is a mild increase in extent of the bilateral pleural effusions. Moderate cardiomegaly persists. The pulmonary edema is slightly progressive. Progressive bilateral areas of atelectasis.', 'Findings: There is a new opacity at the right lung base concerning for pneumonia.  Opacity in the left lateral lung base could represent lingula atelectasis. The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: Right lung base opacity concerning for pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the telephone on ___ at 8:45 AM.', 'Findings:  Impression: Consolidation in the right lower lung is improved since ___, unchanged since ___ and probably accompanied by stable small right pleural effusion.  Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged.  Pulmonary vasculature is engorged but there is no edema.  Consolidation in the left lower lung is hard to distinguish from a small to moderate left pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: The heart continues to be enlarged with
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  Lungs are clear.  There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Osseous and soft tissues are unremarkable. Impression: Normal chest x-ray.']
['Findings: There is new opacity at the left base obscuring the left heart border, most consistent with a left lower lobe pneumonia.  The remainder of the lungs are clear.  No other consolidation is identified.  There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: New left lower lobe opacity, most consistent with a pneumonia.  Results were discussed with Dr. ___ at 16:00 on ___ via telephone by Dr. ___.', 'Findings: Focal right upper lobe opacity seen on ___ persists, extending more into the periphery of the lung and now better seen on the lateral.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There is no evidence for pulmonary edema.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: Progressing right upper lobe consolidation.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear, the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear, however overin
['Findings: Patient is rotated slightly to the right.  Patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is enlarged.  The aorta is tortuous.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: Cardiomegaly.  No pulmonary edema or large pleural effusion.']
['Findings: The sternotomy wires appear intact and appropriately aligned in comparison to the prior radiograph.  The patient is status post ICD placement with leads in the right atrium, right ventricle, and coronary sinus.  The patient is status post mitral valve replacement.  There is increased lucency at the left apex, however no pleural line is visualized.  Heart size is stable.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are stable. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  There is an unchanged small left pleural effusion.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: 1. Appropriately positioned ICD leads. 2.  Absence of lung markings at the left apex, but no pleural line, which could reflect small apical pneumothorax. 3. Unchanged left pleural effusion.  RECOMMENDATIONS  Recommend follow-up chest x-ray in 4 hours to evaluate for small left apical pneumothorax.  NOTIFICATIONS:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:49 AM, 10 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is top normal.  The aorta is mildly tortuous.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unchanged.  No pneumomediastinum is present.  Lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms compatible with underlying COPD.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No subdiaphragmatic free air is present. Bridging anterior osteophytes are re- demonstrated in the thoracic spine compatible with DISH. Impression: COPD.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality otherwise demonstrated including no subdiaphragmatic free air or definite pneumomediastinum.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of earlier in this date, there is the appearance of even further enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with relatively mild vascular congestion.  There is some increased opacification at the right base. Although this could merely reflect atelectatic change, the possibility of supervening pneumonia must be considered in the appropriate clinical setting.  This information was conveyed to Dr. ___. Impression: ', 'Findings: No previous images.  There is enlargement of
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal.  The aorta is mildly unfolded.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise within normal limits.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes are appropriate.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits.  The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Multiple surgical clips are noted in the left upper quadrant of the abdomen compatible with prior bowel surgery. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinal contours are normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures are unremarkable.  There is no evidence for radiodense foreign body. Impression: No evidence for mediastinal widening or air; no evidence for radiodense foreign body.']
['Findings: No new airspace or interstitial opacity.  Stable calcified granulomas in the left lung.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute or aggressive osseus changes. Impression: No acute radiographic intrathoracic pulmonary disease.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are hyperinflated but clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Multiple clips are noted in the left upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: .  Pleural effusions are presumed, but not large.  No pneumothorax. Impression: New ET tube in standard placement.  Lung volumes are exceedingly low.  The severe bibasilar atelectasis is new and there is perihilar opacification in both lungs extending to the periphery that was not present on ___.  The simplest explanation is pulmonary edema, particularly with cardiomegaly and mediastinal venous engorgement.  .  Alternatively pulmonary hemorrhage and multifocal pneumonia could give the same findings.  Pleural effusions are presumed, but not large.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine and healed right rib fractures Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities', 'Findings: Mildly hyperinflated lungs suggest obstructive disease.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Heart size is normal.  Healed right rib fractures are unchanged. Impression: 1. No evidence of pneumonia. 2. Mildly hyperinflated lungs suggest obstructive disease.']
['Findings: Frontal lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and well-aerated lungs which are clear. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  New parenchymal opacity at the right lung base, likely reflecting aspiration or developing pneumonia.  Attention on followup radiographs is required.  No pleural effusions.  Mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia.  Normal size of the heart.', 'Findings: In comparison is chest radiograph obtained 1 day prior, no significant changes are appreciated.  A right-sided IJ central venous catheter terminates in the upper SVC.  Lungs are fully expanded and clear without consolidations or suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural abnormalities. Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal. Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia or other acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.', 'Findings:  Impression: Allowing for differences in patient positioning, there has not been a substantial change in the appearance of the chest since the recent study performed 1 day earlier.', 'Findings: The lungs mildly overinflated.  No focal consolidation, edema, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinum is
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, edema, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinum is not widened.  The hila are unremarkable.  No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.  No pneumonia.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there are improved lung volumes, but otherwise little change.  Central catheter an pacer lead are in unchanged position.  Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with elevated pulmonary venous pressure.  Bilateral pleural effusions with basilar atelectasis again seen.  Little overall change in the patchy areas of opacification, especially in the right perihilar region, which have been attributed to consolidation.', 'Findings: Right chest port and pacer lead are unchanged.  There has been interval placement of right sided pigtail catheter at the right mid lung.  Bilateral pleural effusions have decreased since CT dated ___.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Impression: Small residual right pleural effusion, status post drainage catheter placement.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the opacification in the right perihilar region appears slightly less prominent.  The a engorgement of ill-defined pulmonary vessels is decreasing, consistent with improved pulmonary vascular status. Otherwise, little change.', 'Findings:  Impression: Small areas of consolidation have progressed in both lungs
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable.  Again seen, is an S shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Again noted is the chronic inferior subluxation of the right humeral head. Impression: 1. No acute intrathoracic process. 2.  Chronic inferior subluxation of the right humeral head.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  S-shaped scoliosis is noted with dextroscoliosis of the T-spine and compensatory levoscoliosis of the lumbar spine.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.  The right humeral head is low-lying as on prior concerning for subluxation/dislocation. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process. Chronic appearing right shoulder subluxation/dislocation.', 'Findings:
['Findings: and absence of a lateral view, it would be difficult to exclude superimposed pneumonia. Impression: In comparison with the study ___ ___, there is little change in the appearance of the monitoring and support devices.  Again there is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with elevation of pulmonary venous pressure and bibasilar atelectatic changes.  In view of the pulmonary findings and absence of a lateral view, it would be difficult to exclude superimposed pneumonia.', 'Findings: The heart is top-normal in size.  Mediastinal contour is unchanged. Since prior, there has been interval increased opacity within the right greater than left upper lung.  Bronchiectasis in the left upper lobe is better seen on the prior CT.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  There is no large pleural effusion. Impression: Interval increased opacity in the right greater than left upper lung likely secondary to pulmonary edema although pneumonia is possible in the correct clinical setting.', 'Findings:  Impression: Moderate pulmonary edema which improved in the left lower lung on ___, has now redistributed,, but not improved.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are stable or slightly larger.  Heart size
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate blunting of the right costophrenic angle, representing a small pleural effusion.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax or focal consolidation.  The cardiomediastinal silouhette is unremarkable. Impression: Small right pleural effusion.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Chest radiograph is not sensitive for the detection of nondisplaced rib fractures. Very mild dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine is likely unrelated to trauma. Vertebral body heights are maintained. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Of note, chest radiograph is not sensitive for the detection of nondisplaced rib fractures.']
['Findings:  Impression: Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum, and pleural surfaces. No evidence of intrathoracic malignancy or infection.']
['Findings: The patient is rotated to the right. There is relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm, uncertain chronicity without prior. Streaky left basilar opacities suggestive of atelectasis. There is no effusion, pneumothorax or overt pulmonary edema. Cardiac silhouette is difficult to assess given rotation but is grossly unremarkable. There is tortuosity and dense atherosclerotic calcification of the thoracic aorta which appears also moderately enlarged at its proximal descending portion measuring 4.8 cm. No acute osseous abnormalities Impression: Enlarged proximal descending thoracic aorta measuring approximately 4.8 cm.  Elevated left hemidiaphragm, chronicity uncertain without prior. No definite superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: IMPRESSION (PFI): ___ ___ ___ 2:32 PM  bilateral nodular opacities- potentially due to pleural plaques but nonurgent  chest ct suggested to confirm and exclude lung lesion.  no acute process   PFI VERSION #1  ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT CHEST, TWO VIEWS:  ___.  HISTORY:  ___-year-old male with EKG changes during stress test.  FINDINGS:  PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  There are nodular opacities projecting over the lungs bilaterally, specifically in the right mid lung and left mid-to-upper lung.  On the lateral view, these may be seen anteriorly.  They could potentially represent calcified pleural plaques, especially given suggestion of focal calcified pleural plaque along the right hemidiaphragm.  Additional calcification seen in the region of the AP window, compatible with calcified node.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  Cardiomediast
['Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of pneumonia, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette is normal in size. Impression: Normal chest x-ray.', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The heart is normal size with normal cardiomediastinal contours.  Lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No radiopaque foreign body. Impression: No evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Tip of the endotracheal tube with the chain elevated is less than a cm from the carina an should be withdrawn 3 cm to avoid unilateral intubation.  Mild edema is present at the right lung base.  Lungs otherwise clear.  Heart is moderately enlarged.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to prior radiograph of 1 day earlier, pulmonary vascular congestion is accompanied by worsening opacities in the right perihilar and basilar regions.  It is uncertain whether this represents asymmetrical edema or a secondary process such as evolving pneumonia.  Small pleural effusions have slightly increased.  No other relevant changes.', 'Findings: Lung volumes remain low.  There is persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  Right basilar atelectasis has improved slightly when compared to the prior study.  There is a moderate thoracic scoliosis.  A right internal jugular catheter is unchanged in appearance compared to the prior study.  No pneumothorax.  Or consolidation seen. Impression: Low lung volumes, no significant interval change.', 'Findings:  Impression: ET tube tip is low and should be
['Findings:  Impression: New right upper and lower lobe opacity are concerning for pneumonia.  Given the technical limitations of this study, short-term follow-up PA and lateral radiographs may be helpful to evaluate further if clinically indicated.', 'Findings: Left upper lobe appears to be better aerated compared to the prior study and right lower lobe is marginally better as well.  However, there is not much change in the right upper lobe opacity.  There are no other significant cardiomediastinal changes.  Again noted are calcifications within the aorta as well as moderate cardiomegaly with tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  No larger pleural effusions and no pneumothorax. Impression: Better aeration within the left upper lobe and right lower lobe with no significant change in the right upper lobe opacity.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  Diffuse bilateral alveolar opacities in a perihilar distribution are noted, right worse than left.  No discrete focal opacities are observed.  The heart and pericardium are unremarkable otherwise.  Multiple dense nodularities in the
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal contour is normal.  A small left apical granuloma is incidentally noted. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  There is no free air. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or free air.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided demonstrating no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinal contour appears normal.  The bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Hyperinflation and vascular deficiency in the lungs indicate substantial emphysema.  There is no pulmonary edema, pneumonia, or other evidence of cardiac decompensation.  Heart size is normal.  No pleural effusion or evidence of central lymph node enlargement.']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: Mild indistinctness of the left heart border on the frontal view and the left hemidiaphragm on the lateral view could represent an early consolidation at the left lung base.The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.No pleural abnormality is seen. Impression: Focal consolidation at the left lung base.  Correlate for clinical signs of pneumonia.  Short-term followup radiographs are recommended to ensure resolution.']
['Findings: Heart is upper limits of normal in size and the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous.  Lung volumes are slightly increased with relative flattening of the hemidiaphragms suggesting the possibility of COPD.  Several well-marginated calcifications are present most notably in the periphery of the left upper hemithorax in along the left hemidiaphragm contours, suggestive of calcified pleural plaques.  Bilateral healed rib fractures are present and note is made of a asymmetric opacity at the right lung base adjacent to a site of a rib fracture.  It is uncertain whether this represents superimposition of healed fractures and adjacent scarring or potentially a discrete lung nodule. Impression: A focal air the opacity in right lung base is not fully localized on this portable chest radiograph.  Standard PA and lateral chest radiographs are recommended for initial further assessment of this finding.  NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___ ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 9:04 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: Unchanged right peripheral basal opacity adjacent to sites of prior rib fractures. 
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest are provided.  Tiny surgical clips are again noted in the right axilla.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  The pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are low.  Within the limitations of technique, there is no definite abnormality of vasculature, but there is patchy opacity in the left mid-to-lower lung, possibly pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  The azygos vein appears mildly prominent.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The bones are probably demineralized.  There is a slight S-shaped thoracic spinal curvature. Impression: No definite evidence of pulmonary edema.  Mild prominence of the azygos vein could be a reflection of increased volume status, however.  Patchy left basilar opacity, for which developing pneumonia could be considered.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little overall change.  Again low lung volumes are associated with prominence of the cardiac silhouette.  Continued mild pulmonary vascular engorgement with atelectatic changes in the retrocardiac region.  If there are appropriate clinical findings, the possibility of supervening pneumonia in the retrocardiac region must be considered. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, again low lung volumes that accentuate the transverse diameter of the heart.  Probable mild elevation of pulmonary venous pressure, but no acute pneumonia or pleural effusion.', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. A streaky retrocardiac opacity may represent developing infectious process.  The mildly  enlarged cardiac silhouette, pulmonary vascular engorgement and tortuous aorta are unchanged.  Osseous structures are intact. Impression: A streaky retrocardiac opacity which may represent infection and/or atelectasis. Mild chronic cardiac decompensation.']
['Findings: . Impression: No acute findings.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. No vascular congestion or edema. Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality, specifically, no edema or vascular engorgement.']
['Findings:  Impression: the upper lungs are clear.  There may be small areas of consolidation at both lung bases.  A lateral view would be helpful in evaluating than area.  Heart size is normal.  Pleural effusions are small if any.', 'Findings: Examination is technically limited due to suboptimal patient positioning.  Retrocardiac opacity is either atelectasis or aspiration. The lungs appear clear. Cardiomediastinal contour is within normal limits.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Retrocardiac atelectasis or aspiration. Followup radiographs are recommended.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is minimal medial basilar opacification bilaterally probably due to minor atelectasis.  Otherwise, the lungs appear clear.  There is no pleural effusion. Impression: Clear lungs aside from minor suspected atelectasis.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, all monitoring and support devices are removed. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema.  Old retrocardiac peribronchial scarring but no evidence of or recent changes. In particular, there is no evidence of pneumonia or pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  No hilar or mediastinal adenopathy.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of earlier in this date, there is no change in the appearance of the left chest tube and no evidence of pneumothorax. There are lower lung volumes with opacifications above the elevated right hemidiaphragm that most likely reflect atelectasis. Otherwise no change.', 'Findings: The heart size, mediastinal, and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.The left chest wall pacemaker sends leads in the right atrium and right ventricle. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There has been interval removal of a left chest tube.  There is no pneumothorax.  There is stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with associated platelike atelectasis.  There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or focal consolidation.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. A left pectoral dual-chamber pacemaker and its leads project in unchanged location. Impression: 1. Status post removal of the left chest tube without evidence of pneumothorax
['Findings: . Impression: Frontal view shows a new left pleural drain extending from the surface of the elevated left hemidiaphragm laterally to the near apex of the left hemithorax.  Previous small pleural effusion has been evacuated, with a small pneumothorax roughly equal in volume in its place.  Left perihilar mass and upper lobe atelectasis are probably unchanged.  Right lung clear.  Heart size normal.  Dr. ___ was paged at 1:00 p.m., one minute following recognition of the findings.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were reviewed.  Compared to the most recent prior radiograph, there is a new large left pleural effusion.  The right lung is clear without pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or vascular congestion.  There is no pneumothorax.  The large pleural effusion obscures the cardiac and mediastinal contours, but presumably they are unchanged. Impression: Large left pleural effusion is new since ___.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, the left chest tube has been removed and there is no evidence of pneumothorax.  Left
['Findings: PA and lateral views was acquired.  The lungs are hyperinflated with chronic interstitial lung disease.  Overall, chronic changes have progressed from prior exam, though there is no superimposed consolidation to suggest presence of pneumonia.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable with atherosclerotic calcification along the aortic knob.  No acute bony abnormalities. Impression: Slight interval progression of interstitial lung disease without superimposed acute pneumonia.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the image again shows the newly implanted left pectoral pacemaker.  There currently is no evidence of a pneumothorax.  The pacemaker lead projects over the right ventricle.  Pre-existing signs of mild fluid overload have overall decreased, but are still present.  Unchanged atelectasis in the retrocardiac lung areas.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Left-sided pacemaker with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. Mild scoliosis. Impression: No pneumothorax.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The patient is after placement of a left pectoral pacemaker.  The course of the lead is unremarkable, the tip of the lead projects over the right ventricle.  There is no evidence of complications, notably no fracture or pneumothorax.  Increased opacities at the right lung base might reflect
['Findings: The patient is postoperative and examination required performance in sitting position using AP frontal and left lateral views.  Comparison is made with the next preceding AP single view chest examination of ___.  Status post sternotomy and bypass surgery, moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, unchanged in comparison with the next preceding portable examination.  No remaining pneumothorax.  Left-sided pleural density persists with moderate elevation of the diaphragm.  The lateral view discloses the pleural density on the left side, which blunts the posterior pleural sinus.  The amount is deemed to be of moderate degree.  No new pulmonary parenchymal abnormalities are identified, and the right hemithorax remains unchanged and within normal limits.  In comparison with the preoperative chest examination of ___, significant enlargement of the cardiac silhouette remains finding which most likely relates to postoperative pericardial effusion.  The pulmonary vasculature does not show evidence of marked congestion in comparison with the preoperative study. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the extent of the left-sided pleural effusion is virtually unchanged.  There is unchanged evidence of a retrocardiac atelectasis
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral views of the chest show stable extensive bilateral pleural calcification which partially obscures lung parenchyma.  No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged and mildly enlarged.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to three radiographs on ___:  If there is left pneumothorax, it is quite small.  I do not see enough of change in the relationship of extensive left pleural calcifications with left chest wall to diagnose pneumothorax.  Lungs are obscured by pleural calcification.  Cardiomegaly is mild.  If there is need to exclude pneumothorax with greater certainty, I would suggest either a right decubitus chest radiograph including the left chest wall, or CT scanning.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are stable with top-normal heart size.  Extensive pleural calcifications limits assessment of the lung fields. Within this limitation, there is no obvious new focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Impression: Extensive pleural
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have increased.  Nonetheless, there is increasing opacity of the right lung, likely reflecting asymmetric pulmonary edema.  The left lung is now unremarkable.  Moderate cardiomegaly and tortuosity of the thoracic aorta persist.  A small pre-existing right pleural effusion is completely unchanged. Impression: ', 'Findings: Portable semi-upright frontal view chest.  A cardiac pacer with leads in the right atrium and right ventricle is noted.  Bilateral patchy airspace opacities likely represent pulmonary edema.  A hand overlies the left lung.  Blunting of the right costophrenic angle may represent a small pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  Moderate to severe cardiomegaly is unchanged since ___.  The aortic knob is calcified. Impression: Airspace opacities predominantly in the right lung most likely represent pulmonary edema.  Small right pleural effusion.']
['Findings:  Impression: Pulmonary edema has resolved, small to moderate right and small left pleural effusion are decreasing. Hyperinflation reflects substantial emphysema. Cardiomediastinal silhouette aside from mild leftward shift, has a normal postoperative appearance following cord valve insertion.', 'Findings: Unchanged small loculated effusion on the left with decreasing extent of the retrocardiac atelectasis.  No pulmonary edema.  No newly appeared focal parenchymal opacities.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Unchanged course of the nasogastric tube. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Minimal interstitial pulmonary edema has not worsened since ___.  ET tube, right internal jugular line, and upper enteric drainage tube are all in standard placements.  Leftward displacement of the trachea and upper mediastinum is a chronic feature, present and unexplained since at least ___.', 'Findings: to suggest pneumonia.  Pulmonary embolus is neither suggested nor excluded.  Mild cardiomegaly is stable.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are presumed.
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable and the pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Right internal jugular central line has its tip in the distal SVC.  An endotracheal tube has its tip at the thoracic inlet.  Nasogastric tube is seen coursing below the diaphragm with the tip not identified.  Patchy opacities at both bases but more prominent on the right than the left are seen suggestive of patchy atelectasis.  No evidence of overt pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.  Overall, cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.', 'Findings: An endotracheal tube terminates near the thoracic inlet, approximately 7.5 cm above the carina.  An orogastric tube passes beneath the left hemidiaphragm, its distal course not imaged.  Opacification in the right lower hemithorax suggests a pleural effusion with volume loss including mild rightward shift of mediastinal structures most suggestive of atelectasis.  An infectious causes is not excluded, however.  The left lung appears clear.  Although the extreme left costophrenic sulcus is partly
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Increase in severity in extent of the pre-existing right pleural effusion.  Stable appearance of a small left pleural effusion.  Moderate cardiomegaly persists.  Crowding of the basal right than left vascular structures cause an increase in radiodensity of the lung parenchyma.  Stable mild cardiomegaly.  No change in appearance of the monitoring and support devices.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices are stable.  Hazy opacification at the right base with silhouetting hemidiaphragm is consistent with layering pleural effusion and compressive atelectasis.  Left basilar changes are much less prominent. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits, though engorgement of ill defined pulmonary vessels is consistent with some elevation of pulmonary venous pressure.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___, 04:03.  No relevant change is noted.  The monitoring and support devices are in stable correct position.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without evidence of pulmonary edema. No focal parenchymal op
['Findings:  Impression: ___ on with the study of ___, there is continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.  The degree of pulmonary vascular congestion has decreased.  Retrocardiac opacification also has decreased, consistent with some mild residual volume loss in the lower lobe and pleural fluid.', 'Findings:  Impression: The dense area consolidation that developed at the left lung base since ___ is probably aspiration pneumonia.  Small region of abnormality at the right lung base is probably a second smaller pneumonia.  There is no pulmonary edema although the heart is moderately enlarged and the patient has had aortic valve replacement.  Pleural effusion, if any, on the left is small. No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Compared with prior radiographs on ___, there is no significant change.  A left chest wall pacemaker is stable in position, with leads terminating in the right atrium, right ventricle and His bundle.  The right-sided PICC line terminates in the mid SVC.  There is no pneumothorax.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation or pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unchanged.  Median sternotomy
['Findings: There are relatively low lung volumes.  The full right costophrenic angle is not included on the frontal image.  Given the above, no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Low lung volumes.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: New left subclavian Port-A-Cath has been placed with tip ending in lower SVC, there is no pneumothorax, lung is well inflated and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size mildly enlarged.  Aorta is elongated. Impression: Correct positioning of left subclavian Port-A-Cath without complication.', 'Findings: There is a left-sided Port-A-Cath terminating in the mid SVC. Heart size is at the upper limits of normal.  Mild unfolding of the aorta. No chf, focal infiltrate, effusion, or pneumothorax is detecetd. Within the limits of plain film radiography, no hilar or mediastinal lymphadenopathy is detected. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  There may be minimal pulmonary vascular congestion. Impression: No focal consolidation.  Possible minimal pulmonary vascular congestion.  No displaced fracture is obvious, however, evaluation of the lateral ribs is suboptimal on this study.  If clinical concern for rib fracture is high, consider dedicated rib series or chest CT.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No pulmonary consolidation. No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: There has been interval significant worsening of right pleural effusion with dense opacification of the right lung base, indicating collapse of the right lower lobe.  There is also a new small left pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are stable. The left axillary pacemaker is unchanged with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. Impression: Significant increase in the right pleural effusion with right lower lobe collapse and small left pleural effusion.  Dr. ___ ___ these results with Dr. ___ on ___ at 5:02 PM, at the time of diagnosis, via telephone.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little overall change.  Pacer leads remain in good position.  Bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis are unchanged.  Continued low lung volumes without evidence of appreciable vascular congestion. Impression: ', 'Findings: Left-sided dual-chamber pacemaker device is noted with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle.  The heart remains moderately enlarged but unchanged.  Large hiatal hernia is again
['Findings: Left-sided Port-A-Cath is seen with terminating in the low SVC without evidence of pneumothorax. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Evidence of a hiatal hernia is again seen. Mild prominence of the left hilum is similar to scout radiograph from chest CT from ___ and may be due to overlapping structures. No definite lymphadenopathy was seen on that study, although it is noncontrast. . Impression: The Portacatheter appears to have migrated slightly proximally, now terminating in the low SVC instead of the cavoatrial junction previously.  Clear lungs.  Hiatal hernia.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes and hilar contours are stable and unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen.  If clinical concern for rib fracture persists, suggest dedicated rib series, which is more sensitive. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.  No displaced rib fracture seen. If clinical concern for rib fracture persists, suggest dedicated rib series for better evaluation for rib fractures.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Specifically, no evidence of pathology involving the lower chest.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  The heart remains moderately enlarged, apical thickening continues to be seen bilaterally in a symmetrical distribution.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: to suggest pneumonia. Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___ through ___:  Previous pulmonary vascular congestion has nearly resolved.  Heart size is top normal.  Lateral view shows apparent thickening of the lower aspect of one of the major fissures.  This could be either middle lobe collapse or a small fissural pleural effusion.  There is no layering pleural effusion.  Patient has had median sternotomy and at least coronary bypass grafting.  There are no findings to suggest pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Unchanged normal alignment of the sternal wires.  Unchanged moderate bilateral apical thickening, right more than left, moderate overinflation persists.  A thickened fissure on the left is less prominent than on the previous examination.  There currently is no evidence for pneumonia, pulmonary edema or pleural effusion.'
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are obtained demonstrating clear well expanded lungs without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  A levoscoliosis of the T spine is again noted.  Bony structures appear intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings:  Impression: The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax, effusion, consolidation or CHF. Degenerative changes and rotoscoliosis are present in the spine.', 'Findings: AP upright view of the chest provided.   Surgical clips are seen in the right upper quadrant the abdomen, consistent with cholecystectomy. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  Scoliosis again noted.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Single portable semi erect frontal chest radiographs
["Findings: AP right frontal and lateral views of the chest provided.  Midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are noted.  The patient is rotated to the left, which somewhat limits evaluation, and on the lateral view, the patient's arm obscures the visualization through the chest.  There is blunting of the left CP angle which on prior CT is likely reflective of left basal pleural thickening.  The possibility of a superimposed small effusion is difficult to exclude.  The right lung remains clear.  The imaged portion of the left upper lung is clear.  Patient's rotation limits the evaluation of the cardiomediastinal silhouette.  The bony structures appear grossly intact. Impression: Mild blunting of the left CP angle is likely reflective of pleural thickening and possible small effusion.  Otherwise, unremarkable, though evaluation is markedly limited as stated above.", "Findings: The semi-erect radiograph is slightly limited by positional factors.  There is unchanged scoliosis and evidence of valvular replacement with sternal wires in situ.  Mild cardiomegaly with retrocardiac atelectasis and a likely left pleural effusion.  On today's image
['Findings: Bibasilar pleural effusions are noted, larger on the left than on the right. Elsewhere, the lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion or vascular congestion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcification seen at the aortic arch. Hypertrophic changes noted in the spine Impression: Bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is some decrease in the pulmonary edema with continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, bilateral pleural effusions, and compressive atelectasis at the bases. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Minimal if any pleural effusion remains.  There is no pneumothorax.  Previous vascular congestion and pulmonary edema have resolved.  Heart size is normal.  The size and shape of the chest suggests hyperinflation usually due to emphysema or small airways obstruction.', 'Findings: Cardiomegaly is accompanied by new pulmonary vascular congestion and mild pulmonary edema as well as development of bilateral small pleural effusions with adjacent basilar atelectasis. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Small-to-moderate left pleural effusion has recurred following earlier decrease on ___.  Left pleural drain, small caliber, not appreciably changed in position in the left lower chest.  No pneumothorax.  Lungs clear aside from minimal bibasilar atelectasis.  Heart size normal.  Multiple left rib fractures noted.',
['Findings: The known mediastinal bullous air collection on the right, documented on the CT examination from ___, is not seen on the current examination.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  No pleural effusions.  No other abnormalities. Impression: ', 'Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged, with the heart size appearing mildly enlarged.  The aorta is mildly tortuous.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Known air collection within the right anterior pleural space likely reflective of a pneumothorax is not well seen on the current exam.  The remainder of the lungs appear unchanged.  There is no large pleural effusion.  Contrast from the recent CT is noted within the collecting systems. Impression: No interval change from the previous radiograph performed approximately 1 hour earlier.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: Normal.']
['Findings:  Impression: Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum, and pleural surfaces.  No evidence of intrathoracic malignancy or infection, including tuberculosis, or cardiac decompensation.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were provided.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The bones are intact.  The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
["Findings: Patient's condition required examinations in sitting semi-upright position using AP frontal and left lateral views.  Comparison is made with a similar preceding study of ___.  The heart size has increased and bilateral basal densities are now obscuring diaphragmatic contour and blunting the lateral pleural sinuses.  The lateral view confirms the bilateral pleural effusions that have increased and blunting the posterior pleural sinuses more than before.  Within the heart shadow, there are rather typical calcifications within the aortic valve area strongly suggesting the presence of aortic valve stenosis.  Additional linear calcifications in the ascending aorta are seen as before.  No new abnormalities in the pulmonary parenchymal area and skeletal structures are unchanged.  Several preceding chest examinations are reviewed and include studies of ___, ___, and ___.  A previously suspected calcification on the right lung base was identified as being located in the right breast.  Thus, there is no evidence of new acute or old chronic pulmonary parenchymal abnormalities.  On the previous examinations, the rather typical aortic valve calcifications were also noted but reported apparently as this finding was of no greater importance in this elderly demented
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
["Findings: The lung volumes are low.  The lungs are clear.  The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No displaced rib fracture is seen. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2. No displaced rib fracture seen.  If there is continued clinical concern, a dedicated rib series with a skin marker at the location of the patient's symptoms is recommended."]
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there are lower lung volumes.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is some tortuosity of the descending aorta.  No vascular congestion, acute pneumonia, or pleural effusion. Left subclavian catheter extends to the level of the cavoatrial junction or possibly rib upper right atrium.  The nasogastric tube coils in the fundus of the stomach with the tip pointing downward near the level of the cavoatrial junction.', 'Findings: Left-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates at the junction of the SVC and right atrium.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest radiographs:  There is no consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  Bronchial wall thickening in the lower lobes seen on the
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are normal. Moderate cardiomegaly with signs of mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema.  No evidence of pneumonia. Minimal atelectasis at the right and the left lung bases.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  A small left pleural effusion and left lower lobe linear atelectasis is unchanged since the prior study.  Unchanged left upper lobe linear atelectasis.  Interval improvement in right lower lobe atelectasis.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  Median sternotomy in a wires are intact.  The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Unchanged right sixth and seventh rib fractures. Impression: Stable small left pleural effusion with underlying left lower lobe linear atelectasis.  Improved right lower and unchanged left upper lobe linear atelectasis.', 'Findings: , followup chest radiograph in 4 weeks is appropriate. Impression: Lung volumes have improved substantially since ___ with only moderate mild to moderate residual atelectasis at both lung bases. Small bilateral pleural effusions are probably unchanged. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is a normal postoperative appearance.  A constellation of ring shadows in the left supra hilar lung could be residual of unusual atelectasis, since the largest component was larger on ___. It could also be loculations of air and fluid in the anterior pleural space. I would pursue this with additional
['Findings:  Impression: NG tube is in unchanged position, the tip is at the level of the carina and the side port is at the level of the clavicles.   right chest tube remains in place.  Right lower lobe opacities have minimally increased consistent with increasing atelectasis.  otherwise cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  Left lower lobe atelectasis is new.  Left apical drain is in place.  No evident pneumothorax. Right chest wall subcutaneous emphysema has improved', 'Findings: There is moderate distention of the gastric pull-through with an air-fluid level appreciated on the lateral view, more prominent than on recent prior studies and similar to ___.  There is associated relaxation atelectasis.  There is a small right pleural effusion.  Linear opacities in the right lung base likely represents subsegmental atelectasis related to compression from the gastric pull-through.  There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Surgical ___ projecting over the left lower neck with a Penrose drain in place are unchanged.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Impression:
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema identified.  The heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Incidentally noted are three, rounded, tiny radiodensities noted in the soft tissues of the upper thorax, likely representing foreign bodies. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  A left chest wall Port-A-Cath is seen with its catheter extending to the region of the cavoatrial junction.  Bilateral pleural effusions appear increased from prior exam though small-to-moderate in size and greater on the right than left.  There is associated consolidation in the lower lungs likely atelectasis, though I cannot exclude pneumonia.  The mid to upper lungs appear well aerated.  The heart and mediastinal contour appears stable.  No free air is seen below the right hemidiaphragm.  The bony structures are intact. Impression: Increasing bilateral effusions, now small-to-moderate, right greater than left with associated atelectasis in the lower lungs, cannot exclude pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided.  A Port-A-Cath resides over the left chest wall with catheter tip extending to the level of the low SVC.  There is interval increase in size of right pleural effusion and decrease in size of left pleural effusion.  Associated bibasilar atelectasis is noted.  Please note, pneumonia at the lung bases is
['Findings: There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouette are normal size. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the telephone on ___ at 2:23 PM.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: AND Impression: No focal opacity to suggest pneumonia is seen.  No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax is present.  Incidental note is made of an azygos fissure.  The heart size is top normal.  There is some tortuosity of the aorta.']
['Findings: There is no significant change compared with the prior radiograph.  The lungs are well expanded.  Chain suture is seen in the right upper lung, compatible with prior resection.  Mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is likely due to volume loss in the right.  There are no focal opacities.  There is a prominent epicardial fat pad with partial obscuring the left heart apex, unchanged.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: There has been placement of a left-sided 2 lead pacemaker with distal lead tips in the right atrium and right ventricle.  No hardware related complications are seen.  There are no pneumothoraces.  There is a small right-sided pleural effusion.  Lungs are grossly clear.  Sutures are seen within the right upper lobe.  Heart size is within normal limits. There are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged evidence of a left-sided chest tube.  The left pleural effusion has almost completely resolved.  There is a minimal left apical pneumothorax.  On the right, the pleural effusion has minimally increased, but is still restricted at right lung bases and to the area of the costophrenic sinus.  No evidence of tension. The well-inflated areas of the lungs are unremarkable. Impression: ']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Increased opacification at the left base could represent atelectasis or residual pneumonia.  Opacities at the right base likely represent atelectasis.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  There is no large effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Bandlike opacity at the left base may represent atelectasis or residual pneumonia.']
['Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   Lung volumes are somewhat low. Allowing for this, there is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process']
['Findings: The lungs are moderately well inflated.  Left lung is clear.  Heterogeneous right lower lobe opacity is only seen on frontal projection.  There is cardiomegaly.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.  No displaced rib fractures identified.  There is mild inferior subluxation of the distal end of the left clavicle relative to the acromion.  Limited visualization of associated fractures on this single view. Impression: 1.  Heterogeneous right lower lobe opacity may represent atelectasis or aspiration in the appropriate clinical setting. 2.  Although no fracture or other bone abnormality is seen, conventional chest radiographs are not appropriate for detection or characterization of chest cage lesions. Any focal findings should be clearly marked and imaged with either bone detail views or CT scanning.  Within this limitation, there is minimal inferior subluxation of the distal end of the left clavicle relative to the adjacent acromion process.  Associated fractures are not clearly visualized on this single view and if there is focal bony tenderness in this region additional imaging by cross-sectional exams such as a CT is recommended.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Please correlate with clinical exam
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  There is a diffuse bilateral airspace process, which could reflect severe pulmonary edema, although a diffuse pneumonia should also be considered.  In addition, there is a lobulated pleural opacity on the right, which may reflect a loculated pleural effusion.  Other pleural processes should also be considered.  No pneumothorax is seen.  The heart remains enlarged.  Mediastinal contours are widened, but this may be related to patient rotation on the current examination rather than representing a true finding.  Followup imaging may be helpful.  Asymmetry of the ribcage on the left is unchanged and likely is developmental.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Edema has improved substantially on the right, along with decrease in previous moderate right pleural effusion, now small.  However, there is worsening of perihilar consolidation in the left lung, presumably dependent edema.  Moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly is stable.  There is at least some left pleural effusion, and no evidence of pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Improving bilateral asymmetrically distributed alveolar op
['Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Mild compression deformity of a mid thoracic vertebral body, likely unchanged compared to the prior study though no lateral view was obtained at that time.', 'Findings: were discussed with Dr ___ by phone on ___ at ___.___ am at the time of the discovery of the findings Impression: ', 'Findings: Linear streaky bibasilar opacities, likely represents atelectasis. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Calcified granuloma in the right mid lung is unchanged from ___. There is no pleural effusion. Stable multilevel thoracic compression deformities are seen. Impression: Linear streaky bibasilar opacities consistent with atelectasis.  No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.', 'Findings: The heart is at the upper limits of normal size with a left ventricular configuration.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  There is new, but mild diffuse interstitial abnormality, which most often would likely signify pulmonary vascular congestion.  Left basilar opacity suggests atelectasis or scarring.  The aorta is extensively calcified
['Findings: Heart size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Linear opacities in the lung bases likely reflect atelectasis. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Frontal on lateral chest radiographdemonstrates well expanded and clear lungs.No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size, mediastinal contour, and hila are unremarkable.  Limited assessment of the upper abdomen is within normal limits. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.  No pneumonia.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged from the prior examination.  There is a minimally displaced fracture through the proximal third of the right clavicle.  Additionally, a chronic right lateral eleventh rib fracture is noted. Impression: 1.  No evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process. 2.  Minimally displaced proximal right clavicular fracture.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Moderately severe pulmonary edema and moderate bilateral pleural effusions have worsened since ___.  Severe cardiomegaly is chronic.  Left central venous catheter ends at the origin of the SVC.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is a substantial improvement.  The previous opacity in the right upper lobe has completely resolved.  The right pleural effusion has decreased in extent.  The left lung is unchanged.  Moderate cardiomegaly with mild fluid overload persists.  The monitoring and support devices are unchanged, except for a newly introduced nasogastric tube that appears to be in correct position. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the left-sided internal jugular vein catheter is in unchanged position.  The tip of the catheter still projects over the confluence of the superior vena cava and the brachiocephalic vein.  Unchanged low lung volumes.  Moderate pulmonary edema and moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly, combined to bilateral pleural effusions. Impression: ', 'Find
['Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged with diffuse atherosclerotic calcification of the thoracic aorta.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Scattered granulomas are seen throughout the lungs.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Bronchiectasis and scarring is re- demonstrated in the right upper lobe.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Subdiaphragmatic free air bilaterally is compatible with pneumoperitoneum, likely related to peritoneal dialysis. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  2. Pneumoperitoneum likely related to peritoneal dialysis.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were provided.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. A right apical granuloma is present. A nodular opacity in the left upper lobe is not clearly visualized on the prior chest CT. The cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates a tortuous aorta and
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Since prior exam, the lung volumes are lower.  The chest remains hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms.  There is a diffuse non-specific interstitial abnormality, not significantly changed from the prior exam.  There is no focal air space opacity, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The mediastinal contours are normal.  Allowing for technique, the heart size is at the upper limits of normal. Impression: Unchanged diffuse non-specific interstitial abnormality which could be due to mild vascular congestion or chronic emphysema/asthma.  No new opacity to suggest pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded and clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  Cervical spinal hardware is incompletely imaged. Impression: No pneumonia, edema, or effusion.', 'Find
['Findings: The heart size is within normal limits.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unremarkable.  The lung volumes are low but show no consolidation.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Low lung volumes, but no evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: AP portable semi upright view of the chest. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Degenerative changes at the shoulders partially imaged. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: A right chest tube is in place.  There is a small apical pneumothorax, unchanged the prior study.  There is no evidence of tension.  There is no focal consolidation or pleural effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: Small right apical pneumothorax unchanged from prior study.', 'Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Sutures are noted in the left lung apex. Otherwise, the lungs are clear without focal opacity, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. Blunting of the left costophrenic angle on the lateral view suggests a trace pleural effusion. No right-sided pleural effusion is demonstrated. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  No acute osseous abnormalities seen. Impression: Trace left pleural effusion. Otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pre-existing right pneumothorax has been treated with an inserted pigtail catheter.  The catheter is in correct position,
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: Heart size remains mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are similar.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Re- demonstrated are diffuse ill-defined nodular opacities compatible with bronchiolitis and bronchiectasis with bronchial wall thickening, thought to be due to chronic nontuberculous mycobacterium infection, perhaps slightly worse in the interval.  No pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax is present.  There are mild to moderate multilevel degenerative changes noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: Widespread bronchiectasis with bronchial wall thickening and bronchiolitis compatible chronic nontuberculous mycobacterium infection, slightly worse in the interval.', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   The overall appearance of the chest is not significantly changed with peripheral reticular opacities likely reflecting known bronchiolitis as seen on prior CT chest.  No new consolidation is seen.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below
['Findings: Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar contours.  Normal pleural surfaces.  Fully expanded, clear lungs.  No acute pneumonia, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute pneumonia.']
['Findings: There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal size.  No displaced fracture is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No displaced fracture is identified.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ chest radiograph, exam is remarkable for minor atelectasis at the left lung base and a probable small left pleural effusion.  No other relevant changes.', 'Findings:  Impression: Exam is limited by low lung volumes, scoliosis and suboptimal positioning.  With this limitation in mind, cardiomediastinal contours are grossly within normal limits.  Lungs are clear except for predominately linear opacities at the left base favoring atelectasis over infectious pneumonia.  Surgical clips in the upper paratracheal region may reflect previous thyroid surgery.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  No evidence of free air beneath the diaphragms. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding similar chest examination of ___.  The heart size remains within normal limits.  No typical configurational abnormality is seen.  The thoracic aorta is mildly widened and elongated but no local contour abnormalities are present.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  No signs of acute or chronic parenchymal infiltrates are present and the lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free.  Moderately accentuated kyphotic curvature in the thoracic spine coincides with mild degree of degenerative changes mostly in the form of osteophytic reactions at the anterior vertebral body edges.  No vertebral body compression is seen.  Similar as on
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is tortuosity of the descending aorta.  There is calcification of the aortic knob.  The lungs are well expanded. There are areas of mild linear atelectasis at the right lung base. Otherwise, there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Surgical clips are seen in the right upper quadrant. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Multilevel degenerative changes are present within the right mid and lower thoracic spine. Partially imaged is cervical spinal fusion hardware. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low with minimal left basilar subsegmental atelectasis.  There is no consolidation or pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  A right mid lung opacity is triangular in shape and in an area with multiple overlying osseous structures, not well seen on lateral view.  There is mild vascular congestion without evidence of frank pulmonary edema.  The mediastinum is somewhat widened and cardiac silhouette is enlarged, accentuated by low lung volumes and AP technique.  The hila are normal.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Extensive degenerative changes are seen in the thoracic spine. Impression: Nonspecific right mid lung opacity.  If clinical concern for pulmonary embolism, CTA of the chest should be obtained.']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal and the lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated but clear of focal consolidation or effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcifications are noted at the aortic arch. There is no free intraperitoneal air. Impression: Hyperinflation without acute cardiopulmonary process. No free intraperitoneal air.']
['Findings: Portable AP semi-upright view of the chest was reviewed.  An endotracheal tube ends within 1 cm of the carina, and if pulled back 2 cm, would end in the proper location.  Very low lung volumes exaggerate mild pulmonary edema and normal size of cardiomediastinal silhouette, and reflect severe bibasilar atelectasis.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Suggest withdrawing ETT 2 cm for standard positionning.  2.  Mild pulmonary edema.  Severe bibasilar atelectasis.  COMMENT:  Findings were telephoned to Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ ___ at 10:20 a.m. at the time of discovery.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  The patient was clearly in pulmonary edema with an increase in earlier cardiomegaly and at least moderate right pleural effusion on ___.  These recurred on ___, and has subsequently improved.  Nevertheless moderate cardiomegaly is as pronounced as it has recently been and there is a still more severe abnormality in the lower lungs which are densely consolidated, making it difficult
['Findings: No preoperative image is presented.  There are low lung volumes which may account for the mild prominence of the transverse diameter of the heart.  There is widening of the superior mediastinum, though this most likely reflects a combination of the AP position and the abundant soft tissues of the patient.  Pulmonary vascularity is probably within normal limits and there is no definite pneumonia or pleural effusion. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Hypertrophic changes noted in the spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits.  The bilateral hila are unremarkable.  Subtle hazy opacities at the lung bases likely represents basilar atelectasis.  Otherwise, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  This accentuates the size of the cardiac silhouette which appears borderline enlarged but unchanged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Minimal bibasilar atelectasis is noted.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: No previous images. The heart is normal in size and there is no vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The left hemidiaphragm is elevated.  Mediastinum is shifted towards the right due to rotation but is normal in size.  A tortuous aorta is present. There are no focal consolidations.  There are no pleural effusions and there is no pneumothorax.  No overt pulmonary edema.  Bridging of anterior left ribs is chronic. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Left chest wall dual lead pacing device is noted with tips in the right ventricular apex and right atrium.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There has been interval removal of the right-sided internal jugular catheter.  No pneumothorax seen.  There is a small right pleural effusion.  No consolidation seen.  The heart is not grossly enlarged. Impression: No pneumothorax seen.  Small pleural effusion on the right.', 'Findings:  Impression: Reduced third is in unchanged position.  Bibasal areas of atelectasis are present.  Mediastinal position appears to be stable.  Mediastinal please has substantially decreased in size currently with no concerns for widening.  No pneumothorax or increase in pleural effusion demonstrated.', 'Findings: In comparison to the chest radiograph obtained 3 days prior, no significant changes are appreciated.  Lungs are fully expanded and clear without consolidations or suspicious pulmonary nodules. Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal. No pleural abnormalities. Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia or other significant cardiopulmonary abnormalities']
['Findings: The lung volumes are low.  The heart is probably normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Basilar opacities are slight and probably related to minor atelectasis.  There is no evidence for free air. Impression: No free air identified.  Low lung volumes and patchy bibasilar opacities, most suggestive of minor atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: LUNGS ARE NOW FULLY EXPANDED AND CLEAR. NORMAL CARDIOMEDIASTINAL AND HILAR SILHOUETTES AND PLEURAL SURFACES']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  A large right pleural effusion has significantly increased in size since ___ after recent thoracentesis.  Depression of the medial right major fissure is indicative of right lower lobe volume loss.  There is no left effusion.  No new consolidation or pneumothorax is present.  Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged. Impression: Interval increase in size of large right pleural effusion.', 'Findings: 2 views were obtained of the chest.  The lungs are well expanded and clear with unchanged eventration of the right hemidiaphragm.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart is top normal to mildly enlarged with normal mediastinal and hilar contours. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: AND Impression: A large right pleural effusion is not significantly changed from the prior examination with associated atelectasis.  The left lung is grossly clear.  No pneumothorax is present.  The right heart border is not visualized limiting evaluation of cardiac size, however there does not appear to be significant medistinal shift.', '
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear bilaterally.  No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  An azygos fissure is noted.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Bony structures appear intact.  No definite displaced fractures are evident. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and aortic valve replacement.  The heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged and within normal limits.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Moderate to large right and small to moderate left pleural effusions are noted with accompanying compressive atelectasis.  There is no pneumothorax or focal consolidation remote from these effusions.  The heart is normal in size normal cardiomediastinal contours.  Median sternotomy wires are intact. Impression: Moderate to large right and small to moderate left pleural effusions.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little overall change in the bilateral pleural effusions, more prominent on the right, with underlying compressive atelectasis.  No vascular congestion or definite acute pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, in the upright position, there are large bilateral ple
['Findings: Lung volumes are low, accounting for bronchovascular crowding.  No focal parenchymal opacities are identified.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are intact.  There is no evidence of subdiaphragmatic free air. Impression: Unremarkable chest radiographic examination.  No fractures identified.  However, as this examination has limited sensitivity for detection of rib fractures, dedicated rib views should be obtained if there is further concern.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is detected.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits within the limitations of low lung volumes. Impression: Low lung volumes without acute findings.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  Given low lung volumes, evaluation is limited. Allowing for this, no convincing signs of pneumonia, effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is difficult to assess. Mediastinal contour is slightly prominent likely reflecting on full but thoracic
['Findings: The heart size is normal. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. There is mild bibasilar atelectasis. There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Apparent leftward displacement of the trachea may be positional. The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.  Apparent leftward displacement of the trachea is likely due to patient rotation, but correlation with physical exam findings may be helpful to exclude thyroid enlargement if warranted clinically.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is again some hyperexpansion of the lungs, though no evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.']
['Findings: Low lung volumes cause bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis.  Ill-defined airspace opacity in the right lower lung may represent a focal consolidation or atelectasis, depending upon the clinical setting.  There is no pulmonary edema, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, including moderate cardiomegaly, is unchanged.  There is a small hiatal hernia. Impression: Ill-defined right lower lung airspace opacity may represent atelectasis or focal consolidation, depending upon the clinical setting.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___ ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 5:57 AM, 2 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Bronchovascular crowding and atelectasis noted at the lung bases without definite signs of pneumonia, effusion or edema. No pneumothorax is seen. Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears grossly unremarkable. Bony structures appear intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression
['Findings: Supine portable view of the chest demonstrates low lung volumes.  Endotracheal tube terminates 6 cm above the carina.  Nasogastric tube is seen traversing the esophagus terminating in the stomach.  Diffuse bilateral opacities have progressed since prior exam.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unchanged.  Heart size is normal.  No pulmonary edema.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Low lung volumes with increased bilateral opacities, which likely reflect aspiration related to recent intubation.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal.  There are no pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute cardiac or pulmonary findings.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Mild degenerative changes are noted along the thoracic spine.  There has been no definite change. Impression: No evidence of injury or acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen.  Multilevel degenerative changes are seen along the spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest.  Low inspiratory effort seen on the frontal view with secondary crowding of the bronchovascular markings and accentuation of the interstitial markings.  There is no pleural effusion nor definite pulmonary vascular congestion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for technique.  Aorta is slightly tortuous.  No acute osseous abnormality detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low and the patient is in a lordotic position.  This accentuates the cardiac silhouette size which is likely top normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities are seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lngs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of injury.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified.  There is no evidence of pneumoperitoneum.  A stent is seen projecting over the expected location of the left subclavian vein. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of chest.    The lungs, heart, mediastinum, hilar contours are all normal.  No cervical rib is identified. Impression: Normal chest x-ray']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear and the pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized.  No acute osseous abnormalities seen.  Right-sided cervical rib is re- demonstrated. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs and pleural surfaces are clear, without evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusions.  Heart size is normal.  There is no evidence for pneumoperitoneum.  Right-sided cervical rib is redemonstrated. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: There is a PICC line terminating immediately below the cavoatrial junction in the uppermost part of the right atrium.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Surgical clips again project over the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: PICC line terminating in the uppermost right atrium.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: There is a right lower lobe faint opacity, likely representing atelectasis.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has been intubated.  The tip of the endotracheal tube projects 3.7 cm above the carina. The patient has also received a nasogastric tube.  The course of the tube is unremarkable, the tip of the tube projects over the middle parts of the stomach, the sidehole is at the gastroesophageal junction.  Mild retrocardiac atelectasis.  No evidence of pneumonia.  Area with a slight increase in density at the right lung base is constant. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the tip of the nasogastric tube lies in the upper stomach.  The side hole is probably just distal to the esophagogastric junction and the tube should be pushed forward somewhat.  Endotracheal tube is in good position above the carina.  Increased opacification in the retrocardiac
['Findings: The large hiatal hernia is unchanged.  Bilateral pleural effusions are small, if present at all.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion, pulmonary edema, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomegaly is mild. Impression: 1. No evidence of volume overload. 2. Unchanged large hiatal hernia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is a 1.1 cm nodular appearing soft tissue opacity in the right mid lung, difficult to localize to a specific lobe based on the latter.  Otherwise, there is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: 1. No acute intrathoracic process. 2. 1.1 cm nodule in the right mid lung.  RECOMMENDATIONS:  Nonurgent chest CT for further evaluation of right midlung nodule.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable.  No free air is seen below the diaphragm. Impression: No free intraperitoneal air.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The aorta is tortuous.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for apical lordotic projection and relatively low lung volumes.  Bilateral lower lobe opacities are present, with some interval improvement on the right, but slight worsening in the left retrocardiac region.  On the lateral view, these project posteriorly over the spine and are associated with air bronchograms.  There are no pleural effusions.  Skeletal structures are unremarkable. Impression: Bibasilar confluent opacities, slightly improved on the right and slightly worse on the left.  Considering recent history of altered mental status, aspiration pneumonia should be considered in the appropriate clinical setting.', 'Findings: Low lung volumes are present.  This accentuates the size of the cardiac silhouette which is likely top-normal.  Apparent mediastinal widening may also likely be due to poor inspiratory volumes.  Pulmonary vascularity is not engorged.  Patchy opacities in the lung bases likely reflect atelectasis though infection, particularly in the right lung base, cannot be completely excluded.  Small right pleural effusion appears to be present.  There is no pneumothorax.  No acute osseous
['Findings: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the cardiac silhouette is within upper limits of normal in size.  There is mild indistinctness of pulmonary vessels raising the possibility of some elevated pulmonary venous pressure.  No evidence of pleural effusion or acute focal pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The previously seen left lower lung opacity is again demonstrated on the study.  There is a focal consolidation in the lower segment of the lingular lobe of the left lung, better defined on the lateral view.  The right lung is clear.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax, pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.  CONCLUSION:  Focal consolidation of the lower segment of the lingular lobe of the left lung.  This is consistent with pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  The above findings were communicated to Dr. ___ ___ page by Dr. ___ at 1:15 p.m., 15 minutes after the finding was discovered. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal portable views of the chest were obtained.  Mild cardiomegaly is similar to prior, although exaggerated by low lung volumes.  Lungs are clear
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits and stable. Lung volumes are slightly low when compared to the prior exam.  There is no focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is identified. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrates clear lungs.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  No pleural abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are grossly clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear, without focal lobar consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in appearance. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is moderate cardiomegaly, but no pulmonary edema.  There is mild vascular congestion.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. No rib fractures. Impression: 1. Moderate cardiomegaly but no pulmonary edema.  2. No evidence of rib fractures.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous image, the patient has developed a small right-sided pneumothorax.  The pneumothorax has a maximum width of approximately 1 cm.  There is no evidence of tension.  Unchanged appearance of the left lung and of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings: Inspiratory volumes are slightly low.  Heart size is borderline enlarged.  Aorta minimally unfolded.  There is upper zone redistribution, with vascular plethora.  There is increased retrocardiac density raising concern for more focal pulmonary infiltrate.  Left hemidiaphragm remains visible.  Minimal blunting of the right costophrenic angle, but no gross effusion. Impression: Probable mild cardiomegaly.  Mild CHF.  Increased are retrocardiac opacity is concerning for early consolidation.', 'Findings:  Impression: A right PICC ends at the cavoatrial junction. No pneumothorax. Right lung opacity is stable.', 'Findings: , but right suprahilar consolidation appears to be increasing, most likely pneumonia.  Left lower lobe abnormality could be pneumonia or atelectasis, unchanged.  Small
['Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate minimal heterogeneous opacity in the left lower lobe, more obvious on the lateral view.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  There is no pneumothorax.  A trace left pleural effusion is present, as evidenced by blunting of the left costophrenic angle.  Bilateral breast implants are in place.  The minimally displaced right ___ and 11th rib fractures seen on the prior CT are not apparent on this study. Impression: Minimal heterogeneous opacity in the left lower lobe along with a trace pleural effusion may represent aspiration.  Attention on followup imaging is recommended.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: In comparison with the chest CT of ___, there is again right hydropneumothorax with substantial collapse of the right upper and middle lobe.  No pulmonic gas is seen.  The left lung remains essentially clear. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the extent of the known right pneumothorax has increased.  The collapsed lung is smaller than it was on the previous images.  The basal pleural effusion on the right is constant.  Constant size of the cardiac silhouette.  However, lower lung volumes, there is more crowding of vascular structures at the left lung base.  No left pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there has been some re-expansion of portions of the right lung with only a small residual apical pneumothorax.  Post-surgical changes are again seen on the right.  The left lung remains essentially clear. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs improving aeration at the base of the right upper lobe, but still with a fair amount of atelectasis and persistent volume loss with rightward shift of the mediastin
["Findings: Again noted are bilateral upper and lower lobe nodular opacities consistent with the patient's previously visualized bronchiolitis and better delineated on dedicated CT.  Lungs remain hyperinflated without a new focal consolidation otherwise.  Right apical pleural thickening is again noted.  There is no pulmonary edema or pleural effusion.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  No acute fractures are identified. Impression: 1.  Again noted are bilateral nodular opacities as noted previously and consistent with patient's history of bronchiolitis, suggestive ___ ___, and better delinated on recent CT.   2.  Right upper lobe nodularity is again noted and likely scarring.", 'Findings: The lungs remain hyperinflated.  Subtle peripheral right upper lung reticular opacities are re- demonstrated.  No new focal consolidation seen.  Previously seen right mid lung opacity is less conspicuous than on the prior study.  Questionable left midlung pulmonary nodule on the prior study is not as well seen on the current study.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are
['Findings: Heart size is normal. The aorta is mildly tortuous. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Scarring within the lung apices is present. 11 mm nodular focus within the right apex is noted. Lungs are hyperinflated.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  The osseous structures are diffusely tomorrow demineralized with moderate diffuse degenerative changes noted throughout the thoracic spine. Impression: 1. No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia. 2. 11 mm nodular opacity within the right apex. Chest CT is suggested for further assessment on a nonemergent basis.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Chest CT is suggested for further assessment on a nonemergent basis.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   ___ hyperinflated and lucent with slightly increased lower lung platelike atelectasis.  No convincing signs of pneumonia.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Scarring in the apices again seen.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. 
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate hyperinflated lungs.  Heart is normal in size.  Tortuous aorta and calcifications along the aortic arch are relatively unchanged compared to the prior examination. Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable. Streaky bibasilar opacities are compatible with atelectasis.  No focal areas of consolidation.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate hyperinflated lungs.  Heart is normal in size.  Tortuous aorta and calcifications along the aortic arch are relatively unchanged compared to the prior examination. Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable. No focal areas of consolidation.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: No previous images.  The heart is normal in size and there is no vascular congestion or pleural effusion.  No acute focal pneumonia identified. Impression: ']
['Findings: Heart size appears mildly enlarged.  The aorta is mildly tortuous.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation or pneumothorax is present.  Subsegmental atelectasis is demonstrated in the lingula.  There is trace blunting of the costophrenic angles posteriorly on the lateral view which may suggest mild pleural thickening or trace pleural effusions.  No acute osseous abnormality is demonstrated. Impression: No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  Possible trace bilateral pleural effusions and lingular subsegmental atelectasis.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process, specifically no evidence of infiltrate.']
['Findings: Compared to the chest x-ray from ___, there has been partial interval clearing of the retrocardiac opacity. Faint patchy opacity in the right cardiophrenic region is no longer visible. There is upper zone redistribution, without other evidence of CHF. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is probably unchanged.  There is a new right subclavian PICC line. The tip is not well visualized. A cannot be traced beyond the expected site of confluence of the subclavian and innominate veins, in the region of the proximal most SVC. No pneumothorax detected. Impression: 1. New right PICC line. Tip not well visualized--?  At Level of proximal-most SVC.  The possibility that it extends slightly beyond this cannot be excluded. 2. Partial interval clearing of retrocardiac opacity and resolution of right cardiophrenic region patchy opacity.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there again is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.  In addition there is some engorgement of poorly defined pulmonary vessels, consistent with interval increase in pulmonary venous pressure. On the
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest. Sternotomy wires are stable.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is slightly more density in the anterior mediastinum, seen on lateral view.   Otherwise, the cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Slightly more density in the anterior mediastinum, seen on lateral view.  If there is further concern for mediastinal abnormality, oblique views can be done for further assessment.']
['Findings: The heart is moderately enlarged.  Mild unfolding is noted along the thoracic aorta.  Central pulmonary arteries are mildly prominent.  The azygos vein also appears mildly enlarged, although there is no evidence for frank pulmonary edema.  However, the lateral view suggests a patchy posterior retrocardiac opacity, most likely within the left lower lobe which is not specific as to etiology.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Mild degenerative changes are noted along the thoracic spine. Impression: Patchy posterior opacity which is nonspecific; differential considerations include pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting, although atelectasis may explain the finding.  Cardiomegaly and slight vascular prominence without frank pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. No focal areas of consolidation are identified within the lungs. Mild bronchial wall thickening is noted. No pleural effusion. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia. Mild bronchial wall thickening, which could reflect bronchitis in the appropriate clinical setting.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are normal and lungs are clear. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation. Heart is normal size. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits.  The bilateral hila are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  An accessory azygos lobe/ fissure is noted, a normal anatomic variant.  There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
["Findings:  Impression: There has been interval removal of a nasogastric tube.  As compared to prior examination, there has been minimal interval change.  The patient is status post CABG with median sternotomy wires aligned and intact.  There has been slight interval improvement in the patient's left lower lobe atelectasis, which is still present.  The remainder of the lungs are largely unremarkable without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema identified.  Stable, moderate cardiomegaly and mediastinal widening is noted.", 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: A left pigtail catheter is in place. No pneumothorax is seen. Partially loculated left pleural effusion is unchanged as well as cardiomediastinal silhouette in appearance of the right hemi thorax', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, a pre-existing left pleural effusion has substantially increased in size and extent.  The effusion now occupies approximately one-quarter of the left hemidiaphragm.  As a consequence, areas of atelectasis are seen.  The size of
['Findings:  Impression: Chest x-ray examination within normal limits.  No acute pulmonary process identified.  In particular, no focal infiltrate to suggest pneumonia is identified.']
['Findings: Single portable view of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are low in the postoperative situation.  There is no convincing evidence of a left or right pneumothorax on the current portable image.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Minimal atelectasis in the retrocardiac lung areas.  No parenchymal abnormalities.  Moderate gas collection in the left lateral soft tissues. Impression: ', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  Heart appears top normal in size.  Cardiomediastinal contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear with no areas of focal consolidation.  No pleural effusions and no pneumothorax. Impression: Normal radiographic study of the chest.', 'Findings:  Impression: New small- to moderate-sized left pleural effusion better evaluated on CT obtained the same day.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  The pulmonary arteries appear prominent, suggestive of vascular congestion.  Lungs are clear.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Central pulmonary vascular congestion without frank interstitial edema.  No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to previous radiograph from earlier the same date, right PleurX catheter remains in place with a persistent small right pneumothorax with apical and basilar components.  Overall appearance of the chest is without change except for slight improved aeration at the left lung base.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  There are diffuse sclerotic osseous metastases throughout the vertebral bodies, ribs and other visualized osseous structures.  The increased attenuation somewhat obscures detailed evaluation of the lungs which are grossly clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No definite acute cardiopulmonary process; however, diffuse sclerotic osseous metastases throughout the visualized osseous structures obscures detailed evaluation of the lungs.', 'Findings: The lungs are well inflated with no lobar consolidation or pulmonary edema.  There has been interval removal of right-sided chest tube with no pneumothorax.  Left chest tube in place.  No left pleural effusion or pneumothorax noted on this radiograph.  Again visualized are diffuse dense sclerotic bony
['Findings: The lung volumes are normal. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures. No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema. No pleural effusions. Impression: Normal chest radiograph without evidence of pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the telephone on ___ at 3:45 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  The lungs appear clear.  There is blunting of the right costophrenic angle which is concerning for a small pleural effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  No bony abnormalities.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Tiny right pleural effusion.  Otherwise, unremarkable.', 'Findings: The heart size, mediastinal, and hilar contours are normal.The lungs are clear without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process, specifically no evidence of basilar pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:  The above findings were communicated via telephone by Dr
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no consolidation or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities, no displaced rib fractures. Impression: Normal chest x-ray.', 'Findings: Normal, heart, lungs, pleura and mediastinal surfaces. Impression: Clear lungs.']
['Findings: Single frontal view of the chest was obtained.  Single lead left-sided pacemaker is again seen, with lead unchanged in position.  There are relatively low lung volumes.  Prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature may be due to mild pulmonary vascular engorgement.  Cardiomegaly persists.  The aorta is calcified and tortuous.  There has been interval removal of a right-sided PICC.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. Impression: Persistent cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular engorgement.', 'Findings: Bilateral lung volumes are low.  Because of the gross rotation, assessment of the cardiomediastinal silhouette was limited.  A vague opacity in the right lower lung could be function of rotation and low lung volumes or true abnormality secondary to a combination of atelectasis and/or small pleural effusion.  Right upper and left lung are without opacities of concern.  No evidence of pulmonary edema. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are somewhat low in volume with marked fullness of the pulmonary vasculature and increased interstitial and
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Single supine AP portable view of the chest was obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal to mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are grossly stable given differences in technique and patient position.  Chronic-appearing deformity is seen at the distal right clavicle. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process seen.  Please refer to CT torso performed earlier the same date.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Comparison is made to previous study from ___.  There is again seen an opacity in the right middle-to-lower lobes with volume loss, suggestive of radiation changes.  The heart size is enlarged, but stable.  There has been removal of feeding tube since the previous study.  Left lung is grossly clear.  There are no pneumothoraces. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', "Findings: Single AP portable view of the chest was obtained.  The patient is status post median sternotomy.  Patient is rotated to the right.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly stable.  Chronic changes are again seen at the right lung base, similar in appearance as compared to the ___ image from ___. Rounded medial left base retrocardiac opacity is again seen, likely corresponding to patient's hiatal hernia.  The left lung is clear.  There is no pleural effusion or evidence of pneumothorax. Impression: No significant interval change compared to scout view from chest CT from ___.", 'Findings: 
['Findings: Single portable view of the chest is compared to previous exam from ___.  Right PICC is no longer visualized.  There are catheters identified in the right upper quadrant.  Enteric tubing is faintly visualized into the esophagus, its course not well seen in the stomach liekly due to technique.  Rounded radiopacity projects over the left upper quadrant, potentially within G-J tube.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: Enteric tube within the esophagus, not well seen in the stomach.  Rounded opacity in the left upper quadrant potentially related to the GJ tube.      Possible stents in the right upper quadrant.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Mild platelike atelectasis is noted in the lower lungs.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process']
['Findings: Slight asymmetric increased opacity in the right lower lobe on the frontal view without a definite correlate on the lateral view could simply reflect atelectasis or early pneumonia.  No pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or edema.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinum is not widened.  No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: Slight asymmetric increased opacity in the right lower lobe could reflect an early pneumonia in the appropriate clinical situation.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low, causing bronchovascular crowding.  There is mild streaky right basilar atelectasis.  Otherwise, no evidence of focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Asymmetric soft tissue opacity inferior to the medial right clavicle may simply be due to summation of tissues.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  The thoracic aorta is calcified and tortuous, with mild rightward effect on the mid to distal trachea. Impression: 1.  Low lung volumes without focal consolidation.  2.  There is asymmetric soft tissue opacity inferior to the medial right clavicle.  While this may be due to summation of normal structures, it is recommended that the patient return for apical lordotic radiograph for further evaluation in order to exclude a pulmonary nodule.  NOTIFICATION:  At the time of the updated read, the patient had already been discharged.  Therefore, the information and recommendation in impression point #2 were emailed to the ED QA nurses at 08:03 on ___, for communication to the patient.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate engorged pulmonary vasculature, mild interstitial edema, and mild cardiomegaly.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Severe degenerative changes are noted in the glenohumeral joints bilaterally. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema vs chronic insterstitial lung disease.']
['Findings:  Impression: Patient has had median sternotomy.  Heart size is normal.  Lungs are well expanded and clear.  No pleural abnormality.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no interval change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia or vascular congestion. Impression: ']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of injury.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinum is not widened.  No pneumothorax or evidence of pneumomediastinum.  No acute osseous abnormality in the thorax on this nondedicated exam.  The stomach is distended with gas and ingested contents. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Metallic particles projecting over the midline, approximately at the level of the manubrium of the sternum.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours.  No evidence of pneumonia, pulmonary edema or pleural effusions.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Nipple shadows are incidentally noted.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  There is no overt pulmonary edema. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Interstitial pulmonary edema is present in the setting of moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly, which is stable from the previous exam. There is a left-sided pleural effusion as well as a retrocardiac opacity overlying the spine better seen in the lateral view. No pneumothorax. Impression: Interstitial pulmonary edema and a left-sided pleural effusion on the setting of stable moderate to severe cardiomegaly. A retrocardiac opacity overlying the lower thoracic spine may represent pulmonary consolidation versus superimposition of bony structures. Correlate with evidence of pneumonia and if further assessment is necessary a chest CT should be pursued.', 'Findings: There are bibasilar opacities and blunting the lateral costophrenic angles. The lungs superiorly are clear of consolidation of there is somewhat indistinct pulmonary vascular markings. Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but likely in part accentuated by portable technique. No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Probable small bilateral effusions and pulmonary vascular congestion. Bibasilar opacities potentially atelectasis although infection is not excluded. Cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are
['Findings: are unchanged from earlier on the same day. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)  INDICATION:  ___ year old woman with PTX 2 cm left apex, pain in area, soft tissue air infiltration, placed on 15 L/min non-rebreather for management (not desaturating) for 6 hour period with now f/u with CXR.  // Comparison to previous PA/lateral for size of PTX. To be completec at ___ on ___.  TECHNIQUE:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)  COMPARISON:  ___ Impression: Apical component of known left pneumothorax has equivocally increased, measuring 1.8 cm from the pleural margin, previously 1.6 cm. Remaining lung findings are unchanged from earlier on the same day, including substantial amount of subcutaneous air. Minimal basal interstitial opacities are overall similar to previous examination', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastin
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: Re-identified is a right chest cardiac device with associated dual leads projecting in stable position overlying the right atrium and ventricle, in grossly appropriate location.  The cardiomediastinal silhouettes are stable, reflective of a mildly tortuous thoracic aorta.  There are low lung volumes.  Increased opacity at the right mid lung may reflect crowding of bronchovascular structures in the setting of low lung volumes, however developing infection in the right middle lobe may give this appearance.  Elsewhere, there is no focal lung consolidation.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion or pulmonary edema.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: Right mid lung opacity may reflect early/developing pneumonia versus crowding of bronchovascular structures.  Attention on follow-up radiographs.  No pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Right pectoral pacemaker leads terminate in right atrium and ventricle.  There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal size. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Single AP view of the chest provided.  Cephalization and diffuse alveolar and interstitial opacities are consistent with moderate pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax.  Small right pleural effusion is unchanged.  Hilar contours are normal.  Moderate cardiomegaly is mildly increased.  A well-circumscribed sclerotic lesion in the humeral head has a nonaggressive appearance. Impression: 1.  Moderate pulmonary edema is unchanged from 1 day prior.  2.  Small, right pleural effusion is unchanged.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate multiple sternal wires, which are intact.  There is again moderate cardiomegaly, with lower lung volumes compared to ___.  Mild pulmonary edema is increased.  There may be a right hilar infiltrate.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema is increased compared to ___.  There may be a right hilar infiltrate.', 'Findings: Portable frontal chest radiographs again demonstrate an enlarged cardiac silhouette and bibasilar atelectasis.
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings: Lines and Tubes: Newly placed right-sided PICC extends into the right internal jugular vein and needs to be repositioned.  Lungs: Well inflated and clear.  Pleura: There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Right costophrenic angle has not been included on this radiograph.  Mediastinum: There is no cardiomegaly. Mediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Stable aortic knob calcification.  Bony thorax: Unchanged compared to the prior exam. Impression: Newly placed right-sided PICC extends into the right internal jugular vein, tip not visualized, and requires to be repositioned.  Chest radiograph obtained subsequently at 18:52 demonstrates repositioning of this PICC with tip terminating at the cavoatrial junction.', 'Findings: The PICC line tip is at the cavoatrial junction, in improved location compared to the prior study.  The appearance of the lungs are unchanged Impression: PICC line tip at the cavoatrial junction.', 'Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable
['Findings: Left basilar atelectasis is seen. No definite focal consolidation. There are relatively low lung volumes.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  The patient is status post median sternotomy, CABG, and cardiac valve replacement. . Degenerative changes are partially imaged along the spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Mild cardiomegaly is stable, is accentuated by the projection and lower lung volumes. Mild vascular congestion has worsened. New opacity in the right lower lobe likely represent pneumonia. retrocardiac atelectasis are unchanged. Sternal wires are aligned. There is no pneumothorax', 'Findings: The patient is status post sternotomy. Heart size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is crowding of the bronchovascular structures due to low lung volumes. Patchy opacities in the lung bases are concerning for areas of aspiration or infection. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Patchy bibasilar airspace opacities may reflect aspiration or infection.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  New patchy opacities are seen within the left lower lobe with a trace left pleural effusion.  Small right pleural effusion is also noted. There is no pneumothorax. No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated. Impression: Patchy opacity in the left lower lobe is concerning for pneumonia. Trace bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ chest radiograph, the left lower lobe consolidation has resolved with residual linear atelectasis or scar remaining. Lungs are otherwise clear with no new foci of infection.']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  The heart is normal in size.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Most striking in the anterior right upper lobe, there is a region of vague opacity with peribronchial cuffing and interstitial prominence with less striking but similar types of changes seen throughout each lung, new since the prior examination.  A predominantly peripheral distribution is not typical for pulmonary edema, however. Impression: Findings suggesting an interstitial abnormality with bronchial cuffing and suggestion of peripheral predominance.  Differential considerations include airway inflammation, atypical pattern of infection or the possibility of interstitial disease.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  New patchy opacities have developed in the right infrahilar region with associated volume loss manifested by inferior displacement of the minor fissure and right hilum.  The appearance favors atelectasis, but aspiration could have a similar radiographic appearance.  Surgical chain sutures are present in the lingula with adjacent linear scarring as well as linear atelectasis at the left base.  Questionable small left pleural effusion.  No visible pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Atelectasis is seen in the left lung base. The heart size is normal, and the mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance.  Improved aeration at both lung bases with minimal residual atelectasis remaining as well as persistent linear scarring at a previous wedge resection site in the lingula. Impression: ', 'Findings: 
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear of consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear of airspace or interstitial opacity.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  No acute or aggressive osseus changes. Impression: No acute radiographic intrathoracic pulmonary disease.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  The patient has been intubated.  The tip of the endotracheal tube projects 3 cm above the carina.  Minimal left pleural effusion.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  The left vascular stent and the right central venous access line are stable.  No change in appearance of the right upper mediastinal density, partly caused by a moderate scoliosis.', 'Findings: A right central venous line ends in the low SVC or right atrium.  An endotracheal tube ends in the mid thoracic trachea.  A vascular stent is in unchanged position projecting over the mediastinum and left upper chest.  Atelectasis and a small pleural effusion at the left lung base.  A new enteric tube courses below the level of the diaphragm and off the inferior aspect of the film.  A surgical drain which courses across the radiograph likely lies outside the patient.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is chronically widened, but unchanged. Impression: Interval placement of an enteric tube, which courses below the level of the hemidiaphrag
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change.  Cardiac silhouette remains at the upper limits of normal an there is mild tortuosity of the aorta.  No vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia. Soft tissue prominence in the cardio phrenic angle on the right raises the possibility of a pericardial cyst.']
["Findings: An endotracheal tube terminates 2.3 cm above the carina and an orogastric tube courses below the diaphragm, with tip terminating within the gastric fundus.  Low lung volumes and patient's rotated position accentuates the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours.  An area of patchy opacity is seen in the left lung base and likely represents atelectasis.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: 1.  Endotracheal tube terminates 2.3 cm above the carina, and withdrawal of at least 2 cm is recommended for adequate positioning.   2.  Low lung volumes and patient's positional rotation accentuates the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal structures. Patchy opacity at the left lung base likely represents atelectasis.", 'Findings: Low lung volumes are seen with no consolidation, pleural effusion or pulmonary edema.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary disease including pneumonia.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Linear left basilar opacity is most consistent with atelectasis.  There is no focal consolidation. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation or edema.  Chronic blunting of the left costophrenic angle is again noted.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Median sternotomy wires are again seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Comparison is made to previous study performed ___ at 10:01 p.m.  There is removal of Swan-Ganz catheter.  There is a residual right IJ Cordis.  There are some mediastinal drains and median sternotomy wires identified.  Heart size is enlarged but stable.  The mediastinum is less prominent.  Lungs remain grossly clear aside for some small pleural effusions and some atelectasis at the lung bases. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs have been provided.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions.  There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax or pulmonary edema.  The heart is stably enlarged.  Median sternotomy wires are intact. Impression: Cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings: The patient
['Findings: AP portable upright chest radiograph.  Lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Bony structures appear intact.  Numerous overlying EKG leads are present somewhat limiting assessment. Impression: No acute findings, no displaced fracture.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.  There is subtle left infrahilar opacity, concerning for pneumonia. No definite focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Left infrahilar opacity concerning for pneumonia.', 'Findings: The previously visualized left infrahilar opacity has resolved.  The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  The heart and mediastinal are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  There is no pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Resolution of the previously visualized left infrahilar opacity without new focal consolidations.', 'Findings: Lungs are well inflated and clear.  The card
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal.  The aortic knob appears dilated to 4.5 cm, more pronounced than that seen on the prior CT of the chest from ___.  Hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: 1. Dilatation of the aortic knob, more pronounced than on the prior CT.   Chest CTA is recommended for further assessment given the history of chest pain. 2. No evidence for pneumonia.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes without pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Ascending aorta is mildly tortuous.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  There is minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the lung bases. Otherwise the lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  No displaced fractures are visualized. Impression: Mild subsegmental bibasilar atelectasis. No displaced fractures are visualized. If there is continued concern for a rib fracture, consider a dedicated rib series.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views the chest provided.  Suture material again noted along the right mid lung reflect prior resection. Lungs well expanded and clear.   There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  S shaped scoliosis is again noted.  Surgical clips are noted projecting over the right mid lung laterally. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Unchanged appearance of healed fractures in the seventh and eighth posterior rib.  Severe S-shaped scoliosis.  There is no evidence of new report of ocular fractures.  Surgical clips seen in the right chest wall.  Normal lung volumes. No pneumonia.  No pneumothorax.  No pleural effusion.  Normal heart size.  Hilar structures and mediastinal borders are normal. Impression: No new fractures.  Chronic healed left rib fractures.', 'Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest show moderate lung volumes without consolidation or nodule.  Linear opacity in the mid right lung is consistent with surgical suture from prior study.  Healed rib fractures are in the posterior arch
['Findings: Basilar atelectasis without definite focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Impression: Basilar atelectasis without definite focal consolidation.']
['Findings: Moderate to severe enlargement of cardiac silhouette is re- demonstrated.  The mediastinal contours are stable, with atherosclerotic calcification of the thoracic aorta noted.  The hilar contours remain enlarged, with perihilar haziness and vascular indistinctness compatible with mild pulmonary edema, findings which appear slightly progressed when compared to the radiograph obtained earlier the same day.  More focal opacity within the peripheral aspect of the left lung base appears more pronounced compared to the prior exam, and infection or aspiration is not excluded.  No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  There is no free subdiaphragmatic air.  Multiple clips are seen along the left lateral chest wall. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema, progressed when compared to the radiograph obtained earlier the same day.  More focal opacity within the periphery of the left lung base also appears more pronounced than on the prior study, and is non-specific, but could reflect an area of infection or aspiration.  Follow up radiographs after diuresis are recommended.', 'Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in semi-upright position.  Comparison is made with the
['Findings: Upright and lateral radiographs of the chest are provided.  There is airspace opacity in the right middle lobe, obscuring the right cardiac border and in the left lower lobe overlying the hemidiaphragmatic contour..  There are a small number of air bronchograms.    The heart size is normal.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: Right middle lobe and left lower lobe airspace opacities concerning for pneumonia.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes are normal.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Minimally increased vascular diameters, consistent with minimal fluid overload.  No focal parenchymal opacity suggesting pneumonia.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate persistent predominantly peripheral and bibasilar reticular nodular opacities, consistent with chronic interstitial lung disease, slightly increased in severity from ___.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Heart is top normal in size.  No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: 1.  No pneumonia.  2.  Persistent predominantly peripheral and bibasilar reticular nodular opacities, consistent with chronic interstitial lung disease, slightly increased in severity from ___.']
['Findings: The lungs are low lung volumes, giving the appearance of bronchovascular crowding with perhaps mild vascular congestion.  Linear left basal atelectasis is seen without definite focal consolidation.  Heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly is longstanding.  Minimal residual pulmonary edema, improved since ___.  Tiny left apical pneumothorax persists following removal of left apical pleural drain.  No appreciable pleural effusion.  Atrioventricular pacer leads and left ventricular epicardial leads unchanged in their respective positions.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of pneumothorax.  Pacer leads are essentially unchanged, as is the remainder of the study.  Dense calcification of the mitral annulus is again seen. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrates unchanged position of a dual lead pacemaker device and median sternotomy wires.  There is increased prominence along with mild interstitial prominence.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is not significantly changed since the prior study, with mild cardiomegaly.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Impression: Mild interstitial prominence, consistent with fluid overload.  No evidence of pleural effusion or
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest.  There is new retrocardiac opacity silhouetting the medial hemidiaphragm.  Elsewhere, the lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality detected. Impression: Left lower lobe consolidation compatible with pneumonia in the proper clinical setting.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  The lungs are well inflated and clear.  No focal consolidation, effusion, pneumothorax is present.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute process.', "Findings: The lungs are clear.  The heart size is top normal, not significantly changed.  There are no pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is unchanged. Multiple bilateral rib fractures are redemonstrated, in various stages of healing.  There is no definite acute rib fracture. Impression: 1. No acute cardiac or pulmonary process.  2. Multiple bilateral rib fractures in various stages of healing, as seen on the prior radiograph from ___.  Evaluation for an acute rib fracture would require radiographs targeted to patient's site of focal pain."]
['Findings: The cardiac silhouette size is normal.  The aorta is tortuous and diffusely calcified, unchanged.  Moderate size hiatal hernia is re- demonstrated.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Lungs demonstrate minimal atelectasis within the lung bases, but no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Moderate size hiatal hernia.', 'Findings: Biapical scarring is again noted.  The lungs are otherwise clear without consolidation, effusion, or pulmonary vascular congestion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Hiatal hernia is again noted.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.']
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest.  Relatively low lung volumes are seen with secondary crowding of bronchovascular markings.  The lungs are clear consolidation or effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Hypertrophic changes are seen in the spine.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The left chest tube has been removed and there is a large left hydropneumothorax.  This finding was called to Dr. ___ at the time of dictating this report on ___ at 4 p.m. Impression: ', "Findings: Again seen is left-sided chest tube and chain sutures in the left apex.  The left-sided pneumothorax has decreased in size and is difficult to visualize on today's study.  Right lung is clear. Impression: ", 'Findings: Moderate size left pneumothorax is slightly reduced with the apical component seen bordering the lower edge of the fourth rib, previously at the upper margin of the fifth.  Small hydropneumothorax at the left base is relatively unchanged.  There is no evidence of tension.  Inferior to peristent subcutaneous emphysema along the left chest wall is a rectangular opacity most likely wound dressing, but should be confirmed by inspection.  The right lung is unremarkable.  There are no areas of focal consolidation.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and normal. Impression: Slight reduction in moderate left pneumothorax with no evidence of tension.',
['Findings: Airspace consolidation within the left lower lobe is compatible with pneumonia.  The right lung and left upper lung are clear.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The osseous structures are unremarkable Impression: Resolved left lower lobe pneumonia']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal.  There is no definite focal consolidation.  Vague opacity in the left lower lung appears to be related to bony changes.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute abnormality identified.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear of confluent consolidation, large effusion or pulmonary vascular congestion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for technique and positioning. No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Note is made of a radiopaque ring in the right abdomen, which has been there since at least the radiograph from ___.  Anterior wedging of a mid thoracic vertebral body is again noted without change, since at least the exam from ___. Note is made of a fractured fragment adjacent to the inferior region of the body of the sternum, new since the exam from ___. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified. Fractured ossific fragment adjacent to the inferior region of the body of the sternum, new since the exam from ___.   ___ were d/w Dr. ___ by Dr. ___
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are normal.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ phone at ___ on ___.     ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT HISTORY:  Postoperative tachycardia with desaturation.  FINDINGS:  In comparison with the study of ___, there are again low lung volumes with increasing areas of opacification at the right base, most likely reflecting post-operative atelectasis.  However, in the appropriate clinical setting, supervening pneumonia would have to be considered.  Of incidental note is no change in the appearance of the old healed fracture of the left clavicle. Impression: ', 'Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is unchanged and attributable to a large hypodense lesion within the right lobe of the liver as seen on recent CT.  Patchy opacities in the lung bases, more so on the right, are compatible with areas of atelectasis, and appear similar compared
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have substantially decreased, likely due to a lesser inspiratory effort.  Subsequent crowding of the vascular structures, but mild fluid overload might be present.  No overt pulmonary edema.  Atelectasis at both the left and the right lung bases.  No larger pleural effusions. Impression: ']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unchanged.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  There is mild streaky right basilar atelectasis.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with Cardiac size normal and tortuous aorta. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.  Right chest port catheter tip is at the SVC/RA junction. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Left PIC line ends in the upper SVC. Moderate cardiomegaly and and large and tortuous thoracic aorta are chronic. Left lung is grossly clear. An external device obscures the mid portion of the right lung. There may be new consolidation or atelectasis at the right apex. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous image, the left-sided PICC line is still malpositioned in the right subclavian vein.  The line has barely changed since the previous examination.  Low lung volumes continue to be present. Moderate cardiomegaly.  The pre-existing opacity at the right lung bases is less extensive than on the previous image.', 'Findings: Since the prior radiograph of ___, a feeding tube is been placed, with tip terminating in the proximal stomach.  Assessment of the chest is limited due to extremely low lung volumes and obscuration of the majority of the left hemi thorax by superimposed structures. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is little relevant change.  Mild fluid
['Findings: The heart size, mediastinal, and hilar contours are normal.  A small, rounded, dense nodule in the right middle lung is unchanged in size since ___ and is likely a granuloma. The lungs are otherwise clear without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:  The above findings were communicated via telephone by Dr. ___ to Dr. ___ at 15:54 on the ___, ___ min after discovery.', 'Findings: Fully expanded, clear lungs.  Calcified right lung granuloma without evidence of active infection.  Minimal thoracic scoliosis.  Normal hilar and cardiomediastinal contours.  Normal pleural surfaces. Impression: No acute pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:  Findings were communicated to Dr. ___ at 11:38.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  Normal size of cardiac silhouette.  No pleural effusions.  No focal parenchymal opacity suggesting pneumonia.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours. The osseous structures are
['Findings: PA and lateral images of the chest.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  A fracture of the proximal right humerus shaft is partially seen on this exam. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.    2.  Fracture of the proximal right humerus shaft partially seen on this exam.  Dedicated films of the right shoulder would allow for better evaluation of the fracture.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, allowing for the supine AP positioning, there is probably little change in the appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. Bibasilar opacifications are consistent with atelectasis and small pleural effusions.  Subcutaneous gas is seen along of the upper left abdomen with apparent guesses soft tissues in the lower neck .']
['Findings: Significant interval decrease in the cavitary opacity in the right lower lobe with minimal residual linear opacity.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal contours are unremarkable. Impression: Significant interval decrease of the right lung abscess, with minimal residual linear opacity likely scar.', "Findings: In the region of the superior segment of the right lower lobe, abutting the posterior pleura, there is a lesion with central cavitation.  The central cavity appears to contain a small amount of layering fluid.  The lesion measures 2.9 cm AP by 3.9 cm craniocaudad by approximately 5.4 cm transverse.  Cardiac, mediastinal, and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no dependent pleural effusion.  Mild dextroconvex curvature of the thoracic spine is again seen. Impression: Large cavitary lesion in the region of the superior segment of the right lower lobe, abutting the posterior pleura, with a small amount of layering fluid within the central cavity.  Diagnostic consideration include cavitating bacterial pneumonia, as
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes.  There is no pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there are lower lung volumes which account for the increased prominence of the cardiac silhouette.  No evidence of vascular congestion or pleural effusion.  There is some increased opacification at the right base medially.  This could well reflect a combination of crowded pulmonary vessels and atelectasis, though in the appropriate clinical setting supervening pneumonia could not be definitely excluded. Impression: ', 'Findings: The ET tube is 8 cm above the carina, slightly high, just at the thoracic inlet.  Lung volumes are low.  The heart size is mildly enlarged and there is mild pulmonary vascular re-distribution that has increased compared to the prior study from ___.  Bilateral interstitial opacities have increased compared to ___ and could represent an infectious process. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinal contour is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Find
['Findings: The heart is at the upper limits of normal size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Increased apparent attenuation along the left mid to lower lung is felt most likely to represent artifact associated with slightly asymmetric positioning and overlying soft tissue attenuation.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: Heart at the upper limits of normal size.  No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear and the lung volumes are normal. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation. Left upper lobe pleural thickening is better demonstrated on the prior CT. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart  size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is upper limits of normal.  Lungs are clear without evidence of overt pulmonary edema, focal consolidation, or pleural effusions. There are no pneumothoraces.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Mild cardiomegaly is again noted.  There is mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  No evidence of pneumonia. No pneumothorax or effusion.  Mediastinal contour is unchanged.  Hila appear slightly congested.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities are detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: Normal chest x-ray.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size top-normal.  Lungs clear.  No pleural abnormality.  Small indentation in the right aspect of the trachea at the sternal notch could be due to previous intubation or tracheostomy.  It is unlikely to be due to a mass.', 'Findings: Heart size remains borderline enlarged.  The aorta remains unfolded.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unchanged.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Since ___, mild-to-moderate bibasilar atelectasis, right greater than left, is new.  The cardiomediastinal contours, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  No pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. Impression: 1. Mild to moderate bibasilar atelectasis, right greater than left, is new since ___.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax or focal consolidation.  There are aortic knob calcifications.  There are low lung volumes.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is a mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.  Overall, the cardiac silhouette is at the upper range of normal.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia.  As on the previous image from ___, the diameter of the vascular structures at the hilus continues to be at the upper range of normal.  No pneumothorax.  No pleural effusions. Impression: ']
["Findings:  Impression: 1.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable status post recent median sternotomy.  There is persistent consolidation at the left lung base, likely with an associated pleural effusion which most likely represents partial lower lobe atelectasis, although pneumonia or aspiration cannot be excluded.  There has been interval removal of the right chest tube, endotracheal tube, and nasogastric tube.  There is a small right apical lateral pneumothorax.  Followup imaging to ensure resolution of this finding would be recommended as this is a new finding.  No pulmonary edema.  Results of this examination were communicated to the patient's nurse, ___ on ___ at 3:40 p.m. at the time of discovery.", 'Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and recent aortic surgery.  A small right apical pneumothorax is unchanged.  Bibasilar atelectasis is again demonstrated with interval improvement on the left.  Small pleural effusions are not appreciably changed. Impression: ', 'Findings: Pericardial drain has been placed, with the tip terminating high within the pericardial space at the level of the
['Findings: AND Impression: The lungs are clear without focal opacity to suggest pneumonia or pulmonary contusion.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There is bibasilar atelectasis.  The heart size is normal.  There is tortuosity of the aorta.  No displaced fracture is identified though this study is not tailored for evaluation of rib fractures.  No free air beneath the diaphragm.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no evidence of subdiaphragmatic free air.  A spinal stimulator is noted at the level of the lower thoracic spine. Impression: Unremarkable chest radiographic examination.  No evidence of subdiaphragmatic free air.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinum is normal.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  Pain control devise is projecting over the mid thoracic spine.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear without evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison to prior radiograph of 1 day earlier, a nasogastric tube is been placed, terminating in the proximal stomach.  Exam is otherwise remarkable for endotracheal tube terminating 2.5 cm above the carina, and a worsening left retrocardiac opacity, most likely representing atelectasis.', 'Findings: ___.  Partial clearance of the left lower lobe atelectasis.  Nasogastric tube has been removed.  PICC line has been pulled back and now projects over the mid to lower SVC. Impression: Improving left lower lobe atelectasis.  Repositioned PICC line.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Old healed posterior right ninth rib fracture is noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___.  Mild cardiomegaly has increased.  Previous pleural effusions have resolved.  Lungs are clear.  No pneumoth
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the patient has taken a much better inspiration.  The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is a dual-channel pacer in place with leads extending to the right atrium and apex of the right ventricle.  No vascular congestion or acute pneumonia.  Apical pleural thickening again prior laterally. There is generalized osteopenia in the thoracic spine.  Severe loss of height is seen again in a mid dorsal vertebra, and there appears to be increased loss of height of the vertebral body two levels below this.']
['Findings: Endotracheal tube has been re-positioned, with tip now terminating 4.2 cm above the carina.  However, the tip appears to abut the lateral left wall of the trachea.  This could be projectional as the patient is rotated, but attention to this area on a repeat, non-rotated radiograph may be helpful for confirmation.  Nasogastric tube is coiled in the stomach with tip directed towards the GE junction.  Heart size is normal, and lungs are clear. Impression: ', 'Findings: The study is limited by patient rotation to the left.  There is dense consolidation seen within the left hemithorax, which may represent a new pneumonia or left lung collapse.  There is lower left lung volume than previously seen.  Right lung remains low volume, unchanged from prior study.  Obscuration of left hemidiaphragm suggesting left lower lobe collapse.  An NG tube is seen ending within the stomach. Impression: Interval decrease in left lung volume with new area of consolidation.  However, study is technically limited by patient rotation and this finding may also represent volume loss.    Dr. ___ was called at extension ___and
['Findings: The lungs are normally expanded. There is a rounded opacity at the right base. The lung fields are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours and pleural surfaces are normal. There is calcification of aortic arch. Impression: Opacity at the right base may reflect pneumonia. Please obtain followup radiographs after treatment in approximately 6 weeks.']
['Findings: The lungs are hypoinflated with crowding of vasculature and left lower lobe atelectasis.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Prominence of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is due to supine positioning and low lung volumes.  Hila are unremarkable.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable without displaced rib fracture. Upper abdomen is within normal limits. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Specifically no pneumothorax. 2.  No displaced rib fracture.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  There is no free intraperitoneal air. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There are low lung volumes. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal, however, likely exaggerated by low lung volumes. Mediastinal hilar contours are also unremarkable given low lung volumes. No displaced fracture is identified. Impression: Low lung volumes, but no acute cardiopulmonary process seen.']
['Findings:  Impression: HEART SIZE IS NORMAL.  MEDIASTINUM IS NORMAL.  LUNGS ARE CLEAR.  THERE IS NO PLEURAL EFFUSION OR PNEUMOTHORAX.  LARGE SPINE OSTEOPHYTE ON THE LEFT ARE NOTED AT THE  THORACIC SPINE.  .']
['Findings: There is new pacemaker with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle.  Cardiomediastinum and hilar silhouettes are stable.  The lungs are well expanded and clear with the exception of a small granuloma in the left lung which is stable compared to prior.  There is no pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: New pacemaker with satisfactory position of leads.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to 10:20 p.m. on ___:  There has been no appreciable interval change.  Bilateral perihilar consolidation, more pronounced in the right lung and multinodular opacities in the right lower lung suggests that virtually all of the widespread pulmonary abnormality could be due to pneumonia.  Contribution of ARDS may be quite small.  There may have been mild interval improvement in a component of recoverable pulmonary edema.  Pleural effusions are small if any.  No pneumothorax.  Right internal jugular line has been advanced to the upper right atrium.  ET tube and nasogastric tube remain in standard placements.', 'Findings: are most consistent with widespread infection.  Since there is no chest imaging between ___ and this month, some of the lung nodules could be metastases.  Heart size is top normal.  Small left pleural effusion is presumed.  ET tube is in standard placement.  Right internal jugular line tip is in the region of the superior cavoatrial junction and a nasogastric tube passes below the diaphragm and out of view. Impression: AP chest compared
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Lungs are clear. There is irregularity in the parenchyma of the upper lobes potentially reflecting emphysema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No focal consolidations demonstrated.']
['Findings: As compared to prior chest radiograph from the ___, there has been complete resolution of free intraperitoneal gas.  The heart is normal in size. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No radiographic evidence of an acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are normal. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema. No pleural effusions. Impression: Normal chest radiograph without evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: There is evidence of free intraperitoneal gas, presumably related to the recent surgical procedure.  Marked dilatation of gas-filled loops of bowel are seen in the abdomen.  Relatively low lung volumes but no evidence of acute pneumonia or vascular congestion.  Mild atelectatic changes at the bases. Impression: ']
['Findings: Subtle airspace opacity over the left lower lobes compatible with pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: COPD and mild cardiomegaly.  No acute process.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there has been clearing of the opacification at the left base.  Cardiac silhouette remains within overall normal limits with intact midline sternal wires and previous valve replacement. Streaks of atelectasis are seen bilaterally, most prominent on the left.  No evidence of acute focal pneumonia or vascular congestion.', 'Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest were reviewed, and compared to the prior study.  The patient is status post CABG and aortic valve replacement.  Median sternotomy wires, clips along the left mediastinum, abandomned epicardial pacer leads and a prosthetic aortic valve are new compared to the prior study.  There is a moderate-sized left pleural effusion and left lower lung atelectasis.  No vascular congestion or pneumothorax.  Unchanged cardiomegaly. Impression: , the pleural effusion is left sided.   ______________________________________________________________________________                
['Findings: Upright PA and lateral views of the chest show no acute intrathoracic process.  The cardiomediastinal, pleural and pulmonary structures are unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There are no suspicious osseous lesions. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: 2 leads originate with the left pectoral stimulator.  There might be a discontinuity in one or both leads at the level of the left second transverse process. CT scanning may be necessary to determine if the discontinuity is real.  Lungs are hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema or small airways obstruction.  Linear opacities in both lungs are atelectasis or scarring.  There are no lung nodules or consolidation.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  A density overlying the heart on the lateral view is concerning for a lingular pneumonia.  There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: A density overlying the heart on the lateral view is concerning for a lingular pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:   The updated findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ On ___ at 2:___ PM, ___ minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings:  Impression: Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.  The esophagus is moderately distended with air, as before, suggesting dysmotility or lower esophageal narrowing.  Clinical correlation advised.  There is no evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images. The heart is normal in size and there is no evidence of pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. No evidence of old granulomatous disease.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right-sided chest tube is in unchanged position.  The patient has been extubated.  The lung volumes are unchanged.  There currently is no evidence for a right pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette and the left lung are unchanged. Impression: ', 'Findings: The endotracheal tube is seen to course into the right main bronchus, and there is a moderate-to-large right pneumothorax causing a partial collapse of right lung and some element of tension in the form of mild mediastinal shift to the left side.  Increased opacity in the left lung is due to the poor aeration from selective intubation of the right bronchus.  Heart size is top normal. Impression: Selective intubation of the right main bronchus with right-sided tension pneumothorax.  The findings are discussed by Dr. ___ with the clinical team on ___ at 4:48 p.m.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the position of the endotracheal tube and of the right-sided chest tube is unchanged.  Currently is no evidence of right-sided pneumothor
['Findings: Hyperinflation of the lungs, flattening of the diaphragms, and stable slight hyperlucency of the right upper lung are compatible with history of emphysema. No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, pneumothorax.  Stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral images of the chest demonstrate well-expanded lungs which are clear.  There is some hyperinflation of the lungs seen.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.', 'Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated with attenuation of vascular markings towards the apices compatible with known emphysema. Lungs are clear. There is no evidence of pneumonia, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette is normal in size. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices are essentially unchanged.  The tip of the endotracheal tube lies approximately 4 cm above the carina. There is further enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with mild elevation of pulmonary venous pressure.  However, the there is increased opacification at the bases with silhouetting the hemidiaphragms, consistent with bilateral pleural effusions and underlying compressive atelectasis.  Some of this change could reflect a more supine position of the patient.', 'Findings: The lungs are well inflated with mild vascular congestion.  New heterogeneous right lower lobe opacity. Left lung is clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart is top-normal in size, unchanged since prior. Mediastinal contour, and hila are unremarkable.  Replaced aortic valve is unchanged in position since the prior examination. Impression: 1.  New right lower lobe opacity is worrisome for pneumonia/aspiration pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. 2.  Mild vascular congestion.', 'Findings:  Impression: Since a recent radiograph of 1 day earlier, the patient has been
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no change or evidence of acute focal pneumonia.  Apical pleural thickening persists.  No vascular congestion. Impression: ', 'Findings: Compared to prior study there is no significant interval change.  There is no focal infiltrate or effusion. Impression: Normal chest.']
['Findings: The patient is tilted towards the right.  The lungs are hyperinflated.  Patchy opacities at the right lung base likely reflect atelectasis.  Otherwise, no focal consolidations.  No pulmonary edema.  The aorta is tortuous.  Stable cardiomegaly.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Patchy opacities at the right lung base likely reflect atelectasis, however an early/ developing pneumonia cannot be ruled out and short-term followup radiographs may be helpful if warranted clinically.  .', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___ through ___:  Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Distended colon below a small eventration in the left hemidiaphragm is a chronic finding.  Heart size top normal is also longstanding.  There is no pulmonary vascular abnormality, pleural surfaces are normal and the hilar and mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable, aside from tortuous ascending thoracic aorta, stable since at least ___.', 'Findings: There is overall stable appearance of the chest
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are hyperinflated with fibrotic changes compatible with history.  There is no evidence of focal consolidation or effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has received a Dobbhoff tube.  The tube is coiled in the middle parts of the esophagus and needs to be re-positioned.  There is no evidence of complications such as pneumothorax.    Otherwise, the lung is of unchanged appearance, with marked overinflation and parenchymal scars. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  There are no focal consolidations, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. There are no pneumothoraces.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Normal radiograph of the chest without evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest imaging:  Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum and pleural surfaces.']
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images. There is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with mild prominence of interstitial markings that could reflect some elevated pulmonary venous pressure. Hyperexpansion of the lungs is consistent with chronic pulmonary disease, though no definite acute pneumonia is appreciated. There is extensive calcification in the aorta, both the ascending portion and arch. Left basilar opacification is concerning for volume loss in the lower lobe and pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs ___ and ___ and intervening chest CT.  Hyperinflation is due to severe emphysema.  Previous mild pulmonary edema is improving, small to moderate bilateral pleural effusions and severe bibasilar atelectasis persist.  Cardiac silhouette is partially obscured, probably moderately enlarged.  Very large left pulmonary artery is probably due to pulmonary arterial hypertension but adenopathy is not excluded. No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is again substantial hyperexpansion of the lungs consistent with the diagnosis of COPD. Continued small bilateral pleural effusions with underlying compressive atelectasis.  No
['Findings:  Impression: Lines and tubes are in standard position.  Cardiac size is top-normal.  Increasing bibasilar opacities left greater than right are consistent with atelectasis.  If any there is a small left effusion.  Sternal wires are intact.  There is no evident pneumothorax.  .', 'Findings: The right PICC has been repositioned, with tip now projecting at the cavoatrial junction.  The endotracheal tube terminates 5 mm above the carina.  The nasogastric tube courses below the left hemidiaphragm and terminates in the stomach.  Compared with the prior study, lung volumes remain low with small bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left.  There is associated bibasilar atelectasis.  The heart is top-normal in size.  Sternal wires are intact.  No new focal consolidation or pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Interval repositioning of the right PICC, with tip now projecting at the cavoatrial junction.  No evidence of right-sided pneumothorax.  2.  Persistent low lung volumes
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  In the interval, the patient has received a to a lead pacemaker.  The left pectoral generator is unremarkable.  The leads project over the right atrium and right ventricle respectively.  There is no evidence for pneumothorax.  The lung volumes have decreased, the cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged and the patient shows mild pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared TO chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___, 06:30.  Mild interstitial pulmonary edema moderate cardiomegaly unchanged over the past 24 hr.  There maybe a is new region of infection the left midlung, but the region partially obscured by tubing.  Small bilateral pleural effusions persist.  No pneumothorax.  ET tube in standard placement.  Transvenous right atrial ventricular pacer defibrillator leads continuous from the new the pectoral generator.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___, the patient has been intubated.  The tip of the endotracheal tube projects approximately 3-4 cm above the carina.  No complications, notably no pneumoth
['Findings: Inspiratory volumes are slightly low.  Heart size is borderline.  There is upper zone redistribution, without overt CHF. No frank pulmonary edema and no gross effusions.  There is mild patchy atelectasis at both lung bases.  No definite infiltrate.  If there is ongoing concern for possible lower lobe consolidation, though the lateral view could help further assessment. Impression: As above.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal. Mediastinum is normal. Lungs are well expanded. The bilateral basal interstitial opacities in subpleural distribution are unchanged to minimally improved. Minimal elevation of left hemidiaphragm is unchanged. There is no pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study ___ ___, there are lower lung volumes.  There is a right chest tube in place without evidence of pneumothorax.  There is increased opacification in the left hemithorax, which has an appearance suggestive of asymmetric elevation of pulmonary venous pressure. The possibility of a more coalescent opacification at the left base suggesting consolidation is suggested.', 'Findings: to Dr. ___ by telephone on ___ at 3:01 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings. Impression: Lungs are essentially clear. Small right pleural effusion collects along the costal pleural surface on the left I cannot tell whether there is a small pneumothorax laterally or overlying skin fold.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is a normal postoperative appearance.  NOTIFICATION:   Dr. ___
['Findings:  Impression: There to chest radiographs ___ through ___:04.  Postoperative appearance of the large heart and widened upper mediastinum is stable.  Left lower lobe still collapsed.  Moderate left pleural effusion has increased following removal of the left pleural drain.  No pneumothorax.  No appreciable right pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Postoperative appearance of cardiomediastinal contours is stable in this patient status post recent median sternotomy and aortic surgery.  Moderate to large left pleural effusion and small right pleural effusion are apparently slightly increased in size in the interval although positional differences limit comparison. Impression: Moderate to large left and small right pleural effusions with adjacent bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: .  Prior chest radiographs ___ and ___:31.  Swan-Ganz catheter is been advanced to the right pulmonary artery.  Other cardiopulmonary support devices in standard placement.  Previous mild left pulmonary edema improved.  Severe left lower lobe atelectasis stable.  Right lung grossly clear.  Pleural effusions small if any, on the left.
['Findings: Lung volumes are low. This accentuates the size of the cardiac silhouette which is top normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Crowding of the pulmonary vasculature is likely due to low lung volumes. There is no overt pulmonary edema.  Patchy opacities are seen within the lung bases, which may reflect atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Low lung volumes. Patchy opacities in the lung bases likely reflect atelectasis in the setting of low lung volumes, but infection is not completely excluded. Consider repeat exam when the patient is able to take a deeper inspiratory effort.']
['Findings: Lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic arch.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: Clear lungs.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: In comparison to the chest radiographs obtained ___, no significant changes are appreciated.  Lungs are fully expanded and clear without consolidations or suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural abnormalities. Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal. Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia or other acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.']
['Findings:  Impression: COMPARED TO CHEST RADIOGRAPHS SINCE ___ MOST RECENTLY ___.  Moderate cardiomegaly is larger today than on ___ and pulmonary vasculature is mildly engorged but there is no edema an lateral view shows there is no pleural effusion.  There is probably no pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  No acute osseous abnormalities, degenerative changes noted in the spine.  No free intraperitoneal air. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is mildly enlarged.  The free air is seen under the diaphragm. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No free air under the diaphragm.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is seen.  There is pulmonary vascular congestion without overt edema.  Heart size is mildly enlarged.  Aorta is tortuous. Impression: Pulmonary vascular congestion and mild cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Heart is normal in size and cardiomediastinal contour is stable.  Lungs are symmetrically expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
['Findings: Pulmonary vascular engorgement and interstitial abnormality with ___ B-lines are compatible with mild to moderate pulmonary edema.  Trace right greater than left pleural effusions may be present.  The heart is top-normal in size with normal mediastinal and hilar contours.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Mild to moderate pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis.  Previously seen pulmonary edema appears somewhat improved.  The cardiac silhouette remains enlarged.  Streaky left base opacity may be most likely due to combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis, although underlying consolidation is not excluded.  The mediastinal contours are stable. Impression: Small bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis.  Previously seen pulmonary edema is somewhat improved in the interval.  Streaky left base opacity may be due to combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis, although underlying consolidation is not excluded.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process, specifically no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No relevant change as compared to the previous image. Minimal decrease of the bilateral pleural effusions with minimal improvement of the right basal lung ventilation.  No pulmonary edema. Borderline size of the heart. Sternal wires are in unchanged position.', 'Findings: There are new diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities in the lungs in a perihilar distribution. There are also new small bilateral pleural effusions. There is mild cardiomegaly. Atherosclerotic calcifications are noted in the aorta. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: Diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities suggesting pulmonary edema with small effusions. Atypical infection could be possible.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Median sternotomy wires and aortic valve replacement are again noted.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: AP view of the chest provided.   Right sided pleural catheter has been removed.  There is no pneumothor
['Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  Left-sided pacemaker device is noted with leads terminating in the right atrium right ventricle.  Mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is re- demonstrated.  The aorta is diffusely calcified and tortuous, unchanged.  Moderate pulmonary edema is new in the interval.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Osseous structures are diffusely demineralized with mild to moderate multilevel degenerative changes. Impression: Moderate pulmonary edema.', "Findings:  Impression: 1.  Left-sided pacer remains in place with the leads terminating in the expected location of the right atrium and right ventricle, respectively.  Status post median sternotomy with stably enlarged heart and stable mediastinal contours.  There is slightly elevated left hemidiaphragm which is unchanged and likely chronic.  Streaky opacities at the left base are felt to most likely represent subsegmental atelectasis or scarring.  The interstitium is prominent bilaterally.  This is felt to likely reflect chronic age-related changes, small airways disease
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear.  There are persistent low lung volumes with crowding of the bronchial vascular structures.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The osseous structures are unremarkable Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.  If persistent clinical concern high-resolution chest CT should be performed.', 'Findings:  Impression: No comparison.  The lung volumes are normal.  Minimal retrocardiac atelectasis.  Otherwise unremarkable chest radiograph.  In particular, there is no evidence of pneumonia, pulmonary edema or pleural effusions.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  There is a nodular opacity projecting over the left apex that appears more prominent than on the prior radiographs, although it is difficult to compare to the more recent prior CT.  Although it had not substantially changed since the earlier CT, an apparent change in radiographic appearance is noted, so a followup chest CT is recommended.  Elsewhere, the lungs remain clear. Impression: 1.  No evidence of acute disease.    2.  Apparent increase in left apical nodular opacity since prior radiographs.  Although the finding had been noted as stable by a chest CT over nearly a year, since that time, given apparent radiographic increase, a repeat chest CT is recommended when appropriate to evaluate further.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pleural surfaces are normal. Focal thickening of the left apical pleural margin is present without appreciable change since ___, of no clinical significance. This is not a
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest were acquired.  The lungs are clear.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal.  There are no pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Cervical fusion hardware is incompletely assessed. Impression: No acute cardiac or pulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal and stable.  No pulmonary edema is seen.  No displaced fracture is seen.  Metallic surgical hardware is incidentally noted projecting over the lower cervical spine.  There is minimal anterior wedging of a lower thoracic vertebral body, stable since the prior study. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  The mediastinum is not widened.']
['Findings: Left PICC tip terminates in the mid SVC.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities seen. Impression: Left PICC tip terminates in mid SVC.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: No focal opacity to suggest pneumonia is seen.  Scattered linear opacities at the bases are felt to more likely represent atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pulmonary edema is present.  No pneumothorax is identified.  There is a large hiatal hernia, unchanged, and limiting evaluation of heart size.  Tortuosity and possible dilation of the ascending aorta are suggested.  The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Heart size is top normal, increased slightly since the prior examination.  Small region of heterogeneous opacification at the base of the left lung projecting lateral to the cardiac apex may conform to similar abnormality projecting over the lower thoracic spine.  Would strongly recommend oblique views to get a second look in two projections, at the left lower lung.  This is unlikely to represent tuberculosis, but should be evaluated.  Lungs are otherwise clear and there is no pleural effusion or evidence of central adenopathy.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear, the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm
['Findings:  Impression: Previously extensive pulmonary consolidation has cleared substantially over the preceding 30 hr, with residual in the right upper and left lower lungs only.  Rapid change suggests a condition mediated by exposure to inhaled or systemic substances.  , or massive aspiration.  Heart size normal.  No appreciable pleural abnormality.']
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Heart is normal in size, and cardiomediastinal contour is unremarkable.  Lungs are well expanded and clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No evidence of acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The aorta is somewhat tortuous. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  The aorta remains tortuous.  The hilar contours are normal.  Patchy bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect atelectasis.  No pulmonary vascular congestion is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Bilateral lower lobe nodules, likely reflect nipple shadows, specifically in light of no correlation with recent chest CT.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Pulmonary nodules described on prior chest CT are not seen on this examination. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal with mild tortuosity of the thorac
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Heterogeneous opacification previously in the left lower lung laterally has nearly cleared.  No additional followup is needed.  Lungs are otherwise unremarkable.  Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces.', 'Findings: PA and lateral view of the chest shows no consolidation, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is assaulted.  Since the prior exam, multiple catheters and endotracheal tube has been removed. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There has been interval removal of the left-sided PICC.  Subtle patchy left mid to lower lung opacities are seen, best seen on the frontal view, new since the prior study, concerning for infection, less likely atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: Patchy left mid to lower lung opacities raise concern for pneumonia.', 'Findings: The lungs are somewhat low lung volumes but clear
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there are lower lung volumes with some atelectatic changes at the left base.  However, no evidence of vascular congestion or acute focal pneumonia.  Blunting of the costophrenic angle on the left could reflect a small amount of pleural fluid. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: No previous images.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no evidence of vascular congestion or pleural effusion.  Specifically, no evidence of parenchymal or skeletal metastases.  Of incidental note are metallic anchors in the region of the left humeral head. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum and pleural surfaces.  No evidence of intrathoracic
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is detected.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: No acute findings.']
['Findings: A calcified nodule at the left lung base is unchanged over multiple prior studies and most consistent with a granuloma.  The heart size is top normal, unchanged over multiple prior studies.  Mediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are clear. Impression: No radiographic findings concerning for pneumonia.', 'Findings: Note is again made of a 10 mm calcified nodular density in the left lower lobe most likely representing a calcified granuloma.  The lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no free air beneath the right hemidiaphragm.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: 1.  No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. 2.  Stable left lower lobe calcified nodule compatible with a granuloma.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Old right rib fracture is seen.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low leading to crowding of the bronchovascular structures.  Left basilar atelectasis is noted.  There is no lobar consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits allowing for poor inspiration. Impression: Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Moderate left and small right pleural effusions are persistent findings.  Adjacent bibasilar lung opacities probably reflect atelectasis, but coexisting pneumonia in the left lower lobe is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: No previous images.  There is opacification at the left base most likely representing atelectasis.  However, in the appropriate clinical setting, the possibility of superimposed pneumonia could be considered. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.', 'Findings: Compared with prior radiographs on ___, there is no significant change in small right and moderate left-sided pleural effusions.  There is a persistent retrocardiac opacity, may represent atelectasis or pneumonia. No pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  A left PICC line terminates in the mid SVC. Impression: Persistent small right and moderate left-sided pleural effusions. Persistent Left lower lung opacity, may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia.', 'Findings: Compared to the prior study there is no significant
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Tiny osteophytes are noted along the thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: Extensive nodular opacities are re- demonstrated bilaterally, grossly similar to recent prior studies.  A small right pleural effusion appears decreased compared with ___.  There is no significant left-sided pleural effusion.  An accessed right pectoral Port-A-Cath tip terminates at the SVC RA junction.  There is no pneumothorax.  Sensitivity for pulmonary edema or focal consolidation is limited in the setting of diffuse parenchymal opacification. Impression: Interval decrease in small right pleural effusion.  Again seen numerous bilateral metastatic lesions.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs since ___ most recently ___.  In addition to chronically elevated right hemidiaphragm, substantial right pleural effusion is probably present, responsible for substantial right basal atelectasis, increased since ___, but stable since ___.  No pneumothorax.  Heart is top- normal size.  Right supraclavicular central venous infusion catheter ends in the low SVC.  Extensive pulmonary metastases have increased in size and number since ___, but concurrent pulmonary edema has improved since ___.',
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is demonstrated.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views the chest were reviewed.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar cont
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest show hyperinflated lungs with coarse interstitial markings consistent with COPD.  The lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits and unchanged from the preceding ___ radiograph.  The descending thoracic aorta is moderately tortuous with partial calcification of the aortic knob.  The patient is kyphotic with stable compression fracture deformities of the thoracic spine. Impression: Overall unchanged appearance of chest radiograph since prior exam of ___ with no evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: Lordotic positioning.  Compared with the prior film, the interstitial markings have improved, suggesting that this may have reflected interstitial edema or less likely an interstitial infiltrate.  At present, no increased interstitial markings or CHF is identified.  Increased retrocardiac density, consistent with left lower lobe collapse and/or consolidation, similar to prior, possibly minimally improved.  Minimal blun
['Findings: Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits for technique.  Lungs are clear.  Minimal blunting of left lateral costophrenic sulcus may reflect pleural thickening or small pleural effusion. Impression: ']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest are provided.  Lung volumes are low.  The heart is moderately enlarged.  There is no definite consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The mediastinal contour is normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Cardiomegaly, otherwise unremarkable.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate clear lungs.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: Normal chest radiographs.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: A tracheostomy tube is in appropriate position.  Cervical spinal fixation hardware is noted.  The cardiac silhouette is incompletely evaluated due to bibasilar opacification.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits and stable.  There is persistent diffuse opacification of the right mid and lower lung zones greater than the left lower lung zone.  There is silhouetting of the right hemidiaphragm and right heart border.  These findings likely reflect a combination of large pleural effusion and underlying consolidation or atelectasis.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is also noted.  No pneumothorax is present. Impression: Large bilateral pleural effusions on the right greater than the left with underlying consolidation or atelectasis.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is continued diffuse opacification on the right and probably slightly more opacification on the left.  The findings reflect some combination of large pleural effusions, vascular congestion, atelectasis, and possible superimposed pneumonia.  Tracheostomy remains in place. Impression: ', "
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours demonstrate mild tortuosity of thoracic aorta and a mild cardiomegaly.  Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable including mild unfolding of the descending thoracic aorta.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: Single frontal portable upright view of the chest was obtained.  The heart is of normal size with normal cardiomediastinal contours.  The lungs are clear without focal or diffuse abnormality.  The pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Osseous structures are unremarkable.  No radiopaque foreign body. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are normal. Sternotomy wires in situ.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  Moderate cardiomegaly with elongation of the descending aorta.  No abnormalities at the level of the lung apices.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  The venous introduction sheet on the right has been removed.  Decrease in extent of the pre-existing areas of atelectasis on the left than of these subtle opacities on the right.  However, bilateral basal areas of atelectasis persist.  No pneumothorax.  No pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Lung volumes remain low.  A Swan-Ganz catheter is unchanged in position.  A dual lead pacemaker and valve prosthesis are unchanged in appearance.  Bilateral basal chest drains again noted.  No pneumothorax seen. Impression: No significant interval change when compared the prior study.', 'Findings: Status post median sternotomy and mitral valve repair.  A left chest wall dual lead pacemaker is present.  The tip of the Swan Ganz catheter extends into the right pulmonary
['Findings:  Impression: No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Lungs fully expanded and clear.  Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes.', "Findings: The chest tube terminates in the apex of the right lung.  A tiny residual right apical pneumothorax is re-demonstrated. No evidence of tension. Pneumomediastinum is stable in appearance. Subcutaneous emphysema is noted along the right lateral chest wall, which has improved since yesterday's radiograph. Small pleural effusions are noted bilaterally. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: 1.  Tiny residual right apical pneumothorax. 2.  Persistent pneumomediastinum. 3. Interval improvement in subcutaneous emphysema", 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the large right pneumothorax and the air collection in the right lateral soft tissues are unchanged. The small left pneumothorax, pneumomediastinum and pneumopericardium is also unchanged.  No tension, no pleural effusions.  Normal size of
['Findings: A single portable frontal chest radiograph was obtained.  Lung volumes remain low.  Bilateral peripheral interstitial opacities in an apical to basal gradient are similar to prior exams dating back to ___.  Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged.  No effusion or pneumothorax is present. Impression: Stable appearance of bilateral interstitial opacities.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  Otherwise, there is no significant change compared to the prior. Impression: ', 'Findings: .  No new areas of focal consolidation are demonstrated, and there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormality is seen. Impression: Findings compatible with chronic interstitial lung disease.  No definite new areas of opacification to suggest a superimposed pneumonia.  No pulmonary edema is seen.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Interval reduction in lung volumes with appearance of subtle patchy bibasilar opacities which could reflect patchy atelectasis, although bibasilar pneumonia or aspiration cannot be entirely excluded.  Followup imaging would be advised.  No evidence of pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are likely stable given differences in patient positioning between studies.  No pleural effusions.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Atherosclerotic calcifications are noted at the aortic arch.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified.  IVC filter noted in the upper abdomen on the lateral view. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', "Findings: discussed with Dr. ___ ___ telephone at 20:38 are on ___ by Dr. ___. ______________________________________________________________________________                       
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  No evidence of parenchymal opacities or other abnormal lung process, in particular, the left hemithorax is unremarkable.  There is no evidence of pleural effusion, pneumothorax or pathological rib changes.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours. Impression: ', 'Findings: Areas of linear left base atelectasis are seen.  There is no definite focal consolidation.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  There are relatively low lung volumes.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: Mild left base and possibly lingular atelectasis without focal consolidation.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is no change or evidence of acute cardiop
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged.  A poorly defined area of consolidation within the right lower lobe posteriorly is new.  Multifocal poorly defined nodular opacities affecting the left lung to a greater degree than the right are unchanged since the recent study of ___ when consideration is given to larger lung volumes on the current exam.  Bilateral bronchial wall thickening is also demonstrated as well as apparent areas of tubular opacification which could potentially represent regions of mucoid impaction.  The described lung and airway findings are new compared to a more remote study of ___ Impression: Poorly defined nodular opacities accompanied by a more focal consolidation in the right lower lobe, concerning for multifocal infection.  Considering history of immune suppression, an opportunistic infection should be considered.  Further evaluation by CT would be helpful to more fully characterize these findings.  .  NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the ___ ___ at 9:38 AM, 25 minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   An azygous fissure is noted. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.  Nipple rings are present. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Portable semi-erect chest film ___ at 05:20 is submitted. Impression: A nasogastric tube is seen coursing below the diaphragm with the tip projecting over the stomach.  Lungs appear well inflated without evidence of focal airspace consolidation, pulmonary edema, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Heart is upper limits of normal in size given portable technique.  Nodular opacity in the right infrahilar region is felt to correspond to superimposed prominent vascular structures when correlated with the recent CT study ___.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Heart is top-normal in size.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is moderate left convex scoliosis of the thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence of infection or pneumonia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrate right lateral hazy opacity, may reflect early pneumonia.  Additionally within the left lower lobe, a more focal opacity suspicious for a nodule is identified.  Heart size is within normal limits. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes about bilateral acromioclavicular joints are moderate. Clips are noted projecting over the right upper quadrant.  Aortic valvular calcifications are noted. Impression: 1. Right lateral hazy opacity may reflect early pneumonia. 2. Possible left lower lobe lung nodule is noted.  Dedicated chest CT can be obtained to confirm. 3. Aortic valvular calcifications are identified for which aforementioned chest CT can additionally better evaluate.  NOTIFICATION:  Updated read communicated to the ED physician after readout Dr. ___ by ___ at 8:___ on ___.', 'Findings: Comparison is made to prior study from ___.  Heart size is within normal limits.  There is some coarsening of the bronchovascular markings without overt pulmonary edema or focal consolidation.
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the lungs are well expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax is present. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings: Heart is normal in size.  The aorta is diffusely tortuous without change.  Lungs are clear except for linear foci of scarring or atelectasis within the lung bases.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  A healed left rib fracture incidentally noted, without change. Impression: Bibasilar focal linear atelectasis or scar with otherwise clear lungs.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', "Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  Again seen is a dense right basilar region of consolidation which has not significantly changed from prior CT and plain film.  Elsewhere, the lungs remain clear.  There is no visualized nodule in the left mid lung seen on most recent CT scan.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable as are the osseous structures. Impression: Persistent right basilar region of consolidation compatible with patient's known non-small-cell lung carcinoma.  No evidence of superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.", 'Findings:  Impression: No change.  No failure.', 'Findings: AP portable upright chest radiograph provided.  Midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are again noted.  There is focal airspace consolidation in the right medial lung base concerning for pneumonia.  The remainder of the lungs appear clear.  No large effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The heart and mediastinal contours appear stable.  No bony abnormality is seen. Impression: Consolidation at the right medial lung base is concerning for pneumonia, most likely localized to the right lower lobe
['Findings: The endotracheal tube is in good position.  The right-sided PICC remains in the internal jugular vein.  Interval worsening of the bilateral, diffuse airspace disease.  The heart remains enlarged.  No significant effusions.  No pneumothorax. Impression: Significant interval worsening of the diffuse bilateral airspace disease, likely alveolar edema given the rapid progression.  Right-sided PICC line remains malpositioned in the internal jugular vein.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the telephone on ___ at 8:42 AM, 10 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: The ETT terminates 4 cm above the carina.  There is an NG tube which courses below the diaphragm, however the tip is not visualized on this image.  There is bibasilar opacification with air bronchograms, which appears more confluent in comparison to the prior chest radiograph.  Small left pleural effusion.  Heart size is stable.  Mediastinal widening due to lipomatosis is stable.  The hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vas
['Findings: The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms and increased AP diameter.  There is mild right middle lobe atelectasis.  Otherwise, the lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax.  The heart is top-normal in size. The ascending and descending aorta are slightly tortuous or ectatic.  The mediastinum and hila are unremarkable.  There is diffuse bony demineralization.  Mild degenerative changes are noted throughout the thoracic spine with loss of intervertebral disc height and endplate sclerosis.  Anterior compression deformity of mid-thoracic vertebral body appears chronic (approximately ___% loss of vertebral body height). Impression: 1.  No acute intrathoracic process. 2.  Hyperinflated lungs and other findings may suggest chronic pulmonary disease, but non-specific. 3.  Top-normal heart size. 4.  Anterior compression deformity of mid-thoracic vertebral body appears chronic.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Since the prior study, there has been interval development of a large rounded posterior left upper lobe mass, measuring in the order of at least 9.1 x 7.0 cm rounded opacity highly concerning for underlying pulmonary malignancy.  There is left paratracheal soft tissue thickening/opacity with rightward deviation/mass effect upon the trachea.  Right infrahilar opacity noted on the prior study is stable.  The lungs remain hyperinflated consistent with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  In addition to the large left upper lobe opacity, there are areas of multiple reticulonodular opacity in the left mid-to-lower lung which may represent vascular structures; however, further extent of malignancy or infection is not excluded.  Left apical opacity above the rounded opacity may be related to malignancy with possible small pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged.  There may be a very small nodular opacity projecting over the posterior right sixth rib, which can also be further evaluated on chest CT. Impression: Interval development of large posterior left upper lobe rounded opacity
['Findings:  Impression: Cardiomegaly is substantial.  Mediastinal widening is unchanged.  Since the prior study from ___ there is interval development of interstitial opacities in the perihilar and lower lobe areas consistent with interval development of interstitial pulmonary edema.  No new focal consolidation to suggest infectious process seen.  Substantial degenerative changes in the right shoulder and to lesser extent left shoulder are re- demonstrated.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with study of ___, there again are extremely low lung volumes that accentuate the prominence of the transverse diameter of the heart.  Left mid to lower lung nodule is unchanged. There is increased opacification in the retrocardiac region with poor definition of the hemidiaphragm.  This most likely represents atelectasis with small effusion.  However, in the appropriate clinical setting, it would be difficult to exclude superimposed pneumonia, especially in the absence of a lateral view.', 'Findings: The lung volume is small.  The left mid lung 1.6 cm nodule is also seen on recent chest CT.  Retrocardiac opacity partially obscuring the left hemidiaphragm could represent pneumonia in the right clinical setting.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The heart size is mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: 1. Retrocardiac opacity partially obscuring the left hemidiaphragm could represent pneumonia in the right clinical setting.  2. The left mid lung 1.6 cm nodule is also seen on recent chest CT.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  New dual-lead pacing device is seen with catheter tips in the right atrium and right ventricle.  The lungs are clear of consolidation or effusion. Stable area of scarring is seen in the right upper lung on the frontal view.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Hypertrophic change is seen in the spine.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are otherwise unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated. Opacity in the right lung base is seen, which would be consistent with pneumonia or aspiration in the right clinical setting. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: Opacity in the right lung base, which would be consistent with pneumonia or aspiration in the right clinical setting.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The chest is hyperinflated.  A streaky opacity at the left lung base indicates minor atelectasis.  Otherwise, the lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs are obtained.  Right upper rib deformities appear chronic.  Lungs are well expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal contour is within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: In the interval, a left pleural catheter has been introduced.  The catheter is in correct position.  There is a near total evacuation of the pre-existing left pleural effusion.  Only a minimal remnant effusion in the region of the costophrenic sinus remains.  On the right, extensive effusion and opacities are unchanged.  No newly occurred focal parenchymal opacities in the imaged ventilated lung areas. Impression: ', 'Findings: There is a stable large right pleural effusion and increased size of a moderate left pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.  No evidence of pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal shilhouette and hila are normal. Impression: ', 'Findings: IMPRESSION (PFI): ___ ___ ___ 1:30 PM Impression: (PFI): ___ ___ ___ 1:30 PM  IMPRESSION:  1.  Minimally improved right lung aeration in the presence of large mass and  effusion.  2.  Evidence of lymphovascular carcinomatosis of the left lower lung and  stable small pleural effusion  3.
['Findings: Unchanged heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  A 5 mm dense nodule in the left lower lung is unchanged dating back to ___ compatible with a benign nodule. Impression: No acute process.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no interval change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  There is some hyperexpansion of the lungs suggesting chronic pulmonary disease, but no evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Aside from the long-standing calcified granuloma, right lower lobe, lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.']
['Findings:  Impression: Right pleural effusion is moderate, unchanged. Mild vascular congestion is present. No pneumothorax is seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___ and ___:  Moderate right pleural effusion has increased since ___.  There is no pneumothorax. Base of the right lung is partially obscured and could be atelectatic or consolidated or may ___ a mass.  If the effusion persists, CT scanning is recommended.  An indeterminate volume of the right pleural effusion could be loculated.  However, the loss of volume in the right hemithorax suggests a substantial component of atelectasis.  Left lung is mildly hyperinflated and clear.  Heart size is normal.  There is no left pleural effusion.', 'Findings: The heart size is top normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  There is no pneumothorax.  A moderate right pleural effusion is again seen with adjacent hazy opacity in the right lower lobe, likely representing a layering component.  The lungs are well expanded without focal consolidation. Increased interstitial markings is indicative of mild pulmonary edema
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  The hilar contours are also stable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, effusion or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Mild-to-moderate degenerative changes are present along the lower thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Linear opacity in the left lung base likely reflects atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Anterior bridging osteophytes are noted in the thoracic spine.  Cervical spinal fusion hardware is re- demonstrated within the lower cervical spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is improved transparency of the lung with near-complete resolution of the pre-existing signs of pulmonary edema.  A plate-like atelectasis at the left lung base is unchanged.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is improved visibility of the nasogastric tube.  The course appears normal.  The tip appears to project over the middle parts of the stomach.  There is no evidence of complications, notably no pneumothorax.  The low lung volumes and the 3 cm perihilar lung nodule on the left as well as the borderline size of the cardiac silhouette persist in unchanged manner. Impression: ', 'Findings: Orogastric tube terminates within the proximal stomach.  Within the imaged portion of the abdomen, dilated loops of small bowel are present, and gas is also present within non-distended colon.  These findings may relate to the previously reported history of small-bowel obstruction, and dedicated abdominal radiographs may be helpful for more complete assessment.  Within the chest, note is made of extensive pulmonary metastases. Impression: ', 'Findings: No previous images.  In comparison with the scout radiograph from the CT of ___, there is little change.  Area of increased opacification in the left mid zone is consistent with the largest of the multiple pulmonary nodules.  No definite acute focal pneumonia. Impression: ', "Find
['Findings: There is diffuse airspace opacity causing obscuration of the right heart border and projecting over the heart on the lateral view.  Findings are consistent with a right middle lobe pneumonia.  No pneumothorax, pulmonary edema, or significant pleural effusion is present.  The heart size is normal. Impression: Right middle lobe pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images.  The heart is normal in size and there is no vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.  Specifically, no evidence of hilar or mediastinal adenopathy or abnormal prominence of interstitial markings.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   The heart is mildly enlarged.  Hilar congestion is noted with interstitial pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly with hilar congestion and mild interstitial pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.']
['Findings: Appearance of bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis is unchanged.  There are no new regions of opacity.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Impression: Unchanged bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis.  Superimposed infection cannot be excluded.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to previous radiograph of earlier the same date, there has not been a relevant change in the appearance of the chest when consideration is given to differences in positioning and technique.  .', 'Findings: Bilateral pleural effusions are worse on the right, where there may be loculation.  No new focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  A device projecting over the left heart border is presumably external to the patient. Impression: Possible right-sided loculated pleural effusions, which would have developed since ___.  If necessary, CT may be useful for further characterization.', 'Findings: The heart size is within normal limits.  The aorta remains unfolded.  Pulmonary vascularity is not engorged.  A small to moderate size partially loculated right pleural eff
['Findings: A large hiatal hernia is again noted.  The lungs are clear.  The heart and mediastinum are stable in appearance. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Large hiatal hernia.']
['Findings: The tip of the endotracheal tube appears slightly lower, 2.7 cm above the carinal.  Right IJ central venous catheter tip is at the level of the confluence of the brachiocephalic veins.  The tip and side hole of the nasogastric tube are not visible, related to underpenetration of the lower chest and upper abdomen.  There is some interval clearing in dense airspace consolidation bilaterally, with more improvement noted on the left which was worse than the right on the previous studies. Impression: Interval improvement in bilateral airspace consolidation suggestive of ARDS.', 'Findings:  Impression: Patient is no longer in pulmonary edema. Small symmetric bilateral pleural effusion probably reflects recent congestive heart failure, preceding insertion of the pacer defibrillator lead which follows the expected course to the distal right ventricle. No pneumothorax or mediastinal widening. Heart size top-normal unchanged.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the tip of the endotracheal tube measures approximately 3.3 cm above the carina. There is again diffuse bilateral pulmonary opacifications/
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images.  There is mild hyperexpansion of the lungs, but no evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  Probable calcified granuloma at the left base laterally, with multiple calcifications in the right perihilar region consistent with granulomatous lymph nodes.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the left pectoral generator has been changed.  There is one lead projecting over the right ventricle and one over the right atrium.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pulmonary edema.  No other acute lung parenchymal changes. Impression: ', 'Findings: Left-sided AICD device is again noted with leads in unchanged positions.  Patient is status post median sternotomy, CABG, and pulmonic and tricuspid valve replacement.  Cardiac silhouette size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrates the lungs are well-expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is no evidence of pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.  No subdiaphragmatic free air is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence of subdiaphragmatic free air.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the lungs are well expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or focal consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change.  Mild chronic cardiomegaly with tortuosity of the aorta process. No evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: IN COMPARISON WITH THE STUDY OF ___, THERE IS AGAIN CHRONIC ENLARGEMENT OF THE CARDIAC SILHOUETTE.  HOWEVER, NO EVIDENCE OF ACUTE PNEUMONIA, VASCULAR CONGESTION, OR PLEURAL EFFUSION. EXTENSIVE AORTIC GRAFT IN THE ABDOMEN IS AGAIN SEEN.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Mild cardiomegaly is chronic.  Bibasilar linear opacities are compatible with subsegmental atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Degenerative changes of the right glenohumeral joint are similar to prior.  Aorto-biiliac metallic stent is incompletely imaged. Impression: Mild chronic cardiomeg
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are unremarkable.  There has been no significant change. Impression: Stable appearance of the chest.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is subtle patchy left base opacity which is not well substantiated on the lateral view, and may represent atelectasis or residual parafissural nodule, however, underlying consolidation not excluded.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  There is minimal loss of height of the superior endplate of a lower thoracic vertebral body, of indeterminate age. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA frontal and lateral chest radiograph demonstrate clear lungs with no focal consolidation.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is top-normal.  There is no pulmonary edema and the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits.  Hilar and mediastinal contours are stable in appearance and unremarkable.  There is elevated left hemidiaphragm secondary to gas distended bowel. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lungs are clear and the pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  There is mild bibasilar atelectasis.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.  Left upper lobe opacity overlying the first rib is questionable for a nodule.  Linear opacities in the lingula and right middle lobe could be due to infection. Impression: Linear opacities in the lingula and right middle lobe could be due to infection.  NOTIFICATION:  The impression above was communicated to Dr. ___ via telephone at 10:50 AM on ___.']
['Findings: are compatible with  multifocal pneumonia, and are highly concerning for tuberculosis.  ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT HISTORY:  Shortness of breath, cough, prior chest radiograph with cavitary lesions, fever.  TECHNIQUE:  PA and lateral views of the chest.  COMPARISON:  None.  FINDINGS:  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Ill-defined patchy opacities are noted within primarily the left lower lobe as well as the right upper lobe, with a 2.4 cm cavitary lesion noted within the superior segment of the left upper lobe.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Multifocal patchy ill-defined opacities with a cavitary lesion noted in the superior segment of the left lower lobe.  Findings are compatible with multifocal pneumonia, and are highly concerning for tuberculosis.']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___.  Previous interstitial pulmonary edema has improved.  Right lower lobe has partially cleared, but lateral view suggests some persistent consolidation, which could be the remnants of pneumonia.  Small right pleural effusion is new, but does not explain decreased breath sounds.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal.  Left lung is essentially clear.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: There is subsegmental bilateral lower lung atelectasis, as seen on CT from ___.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal.  There are no pleural effusions. No pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute cardiac or pulmonary process.  Findings were discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ at 7:04 a.m. via telephone on the day of the study, in order to correct a preliminary read of right lower lobe pneumonia.']
['Findings: Comparison is made to previous study from ___.  There has been improved aeration at the lung bases at the areas of consolidation.  There is an endotracheal tube whose distal tip is near the aortic knob. No pulmonary edema is seen.  There are no pneumothoraces. Impression: ', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest were provided.  The lungs are clear and well inflated.  No radiopaque foreign body is seen.  No signs of pneumomediastinum.  The heart and mediastinal contour are normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.  DISH-related changes of the lower T-spine noted. Impression: ', 'Findings: Comparison is made to prior study from ___.  There is an endotracheal tube whose tip is 8.2 cm above the carina, at the level of clavicular head.  There are opacities at the lung bases, which may represent aspiration or developing pneumonia.  There are no signs for overt pulmonary edema.  There are no pneumothoraces. Impression: ']
['Findings: Patchy left lower lobe opacity could be due to atelectasis or pneumonia.  Subtle right apical opacity is stable to slightly decreased compared to the prior study.  No right-sided consolidation is seen.  Incidental note is made of an azygos lobe.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The mediastinal contours are stable.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged. Impression: Patchy left lower lobe opacity may be due to pneumonia or atelectasis.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Mild left base atelectasis is seen.  No definite focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable, with the cardiac silhouette not enlarged and the aortic knob calcified. Impression: Mild left base atelectasis/scarring.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.', "Findings: Upright PA and lateral radiographs of the chest were obtained.  The lateral radiograph is somewhat limited by motion artifact and obscured by the patient's arms.  The lungs are normally expanded and clear.  The heart is somewhat globular and slightly enlarged, new since ___.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal and symmetric without frank pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected.  The aorta is somewhat tortuous and calcified at the arch. Impression: Newly enlarged and globular appearance of the heart is concerning for possible pericardial effusion.  These results were telephoned to Dr. ___ ___ by Dr. ___ at 1:35 p.m., ___."]
["Findings: Examination is limited secondary to patient's body habitus.  Compared with prior exam, there is a vague opacity in the right cardiophrenic angle. Otherwise, a linear opacity within the peripheral left mid lung is unchanged and corresponds to scarring.  Although low lung volumes and overlying soft tissue attenuation increase the conspicuity of the interstitial markings, it is felt that chronic vascular congestion and interstitial edema are present and not significantly changed compared with multiple prior radiographs dating back to ___.  No pleural effusion is identified.  There is no pneumothorax.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Mild apparent enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is likely due to AP technique. Impression: 1.  Vague opacity in the right cardiophrenic angle may represent a focus of consolidation although imaging artifact cannot be excluded in this very limited exam owing to the patient's body habitus. If there is clinical concern, further assessment with CT is recommended. 2.  Stable appearance of the lung interstitium suggestive of chronic vascular congestion and borderline edema.", 'Findings: There are low lung volumes, and bibasilar atelectasis is present. 
['Findings: The lungs are clear, and the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal. There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum and pleural surfaces.  Nipple shadow should not be mistaken for lung nodules.']
['Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  No focal consolidation, effusion, edema, or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinum is not widened.  The thoracic aorta is tortuous, similar to the prior exam and CT from ___.  Bony structures appear intact.  Rib deformities are unchanged. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Lungs fully expanded and clear.  Heart size normal.  Thoracic aorta very tortuous but not clearly aneurysmal.  Mediastinum otherwise unremarkable.  Hila not enlarged.  Ribbon-like deformities of three right middle ribs posteriorly include indentations on the upper margins of the ribs, rather than the undersides generally seen with multiple neuromas.  I suspect this is dysplasia, but if the patient has skin nodules or other stigmata, the diagnosis of neurofibromatosis should be considered.  One skin nodule is seen in the right supraclavicular region and another laterally at the level
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___ through ___.  Severe cardiomegaly has not changed appreciably since ___.  Mild pulmonary edema is unchanged over the past several days accompanied by moderate right pleural effusion, partially fissural.  Left pleural thickening and calcification are chronic.  No pneumothorax.  Swan-Ganz catheter ends in the distal right descending pulmonary artery unchanged over the past several days.  Trans aortic Impella left ventricular assist device inserted on ___ has not changed position.  Left trans subclavian right atrial ventricular pacer leads are continuous from the left pectoral generator, unchanged in their positions.', 'Findings:  Impression: The intra-aortic balloon pump has been removed and an Impella has been placed with the metallic tip in the region of the proximal ascending aorta.  Swan-Ganz catheter tip is in a lower right pulmonary artery.  There is no pneumothorax. There is slight increase in the patchy density in both lung bases.  There is cardiomegaly with upper zone redistribution and blurring
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  Mild prominence of the main pulmonary artery contour is probably a normal variant.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Vague opacities in the left lower lobe, and an anterior opacity seen on the lateral view more likely in the right middle lobe, suggest pneumonia. Impression: Findings suggesting pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: Persistent focal area of increased density in the left lower lobe suspicious for pneumonia or partial atelectasis.  Subsegmental atelectasis left mid lung.', 'Findings: Low lung volumes accentuate the cardiac silhouette and bronchovascular structures.  Subtle, poorly defined opacities have developed in the right upper lobe as well as patchy and linear opacities in the left mid and both lower lung regions.  Findings could reflect multifocal atelectasis or aspiration in this recently postoperative patient.  Followup radiographs may be helpful to exclude developing aspiration pneumonia. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are obtained.  There is hyperinflation of the lungs with coarsened interstitial markings and widened AP diameter of the chest, which is most compatible with underlying emphysema.  There is no superimposed pneumonia, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Areas of pleural thickening at the right lung apex noted.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Findings suggestive of emphysema/COPD without superimposed pneumonia.', 'Findings: Lungs are again hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease.  Chronic interstitial markings bilaterally are again seen, consistent with chronic lung disease. Right apical thickening pleural thickening is stable. The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  No focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia are identified.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Stable emphysema and coarse interstitial markings.  No acute intrathoracic
['Findings: There is a focal opacity in the right lower lobe concerning for pneumonia.  There is mild cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Focal opacity in the right lower lobe concerning for pneumonia.  2.  Mild cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___ there is little overall change in the appearance of the monitoring and support devices. Continue substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with pulmonary vascular congestion in a patient with low lung volumes.', 'Findings: Patient has underlying chronic interstitial lung disease. However, compared to chest radiograph from ___, there has been significant interval increase in bilateral pulmonary opacities as well as obscuration of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. Findings raise concern for bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis, subtle suggestion of bibasilar air bronchograms raises concern for bilateral consolidations which may be due to infection and/ or aspiration. Underlying pulmonary edema may also be present. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the Dobbhoff tube extends at least to the mid body of the stomach where it crosses the lower margin of the image. Other monitoring and support devices are unchanged. The patient has taken a slightly better inspiration. Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with pulmonary vascular congestion that appears to be decreasing. .', 'Findings: All support devices have been removed.  Extensive bilateral airspace opacities
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinum is normal.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No abnormality that might explain fever demonstrated.', 'Findings:  Impression: Cardiomegaly is moderate.  Mediastinum is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No evidence of infectious process demonstrated within the lungs.']
['Findings: A left-sided pacemaker and its wires are unchanged.  Mild cardiomegaly is persistent compared to exams dated ___.  Overall, the pleural thickening bilaterally appears less extensive and less severe compared to the prior exam; however, this exam is limited for the evaluation of an empyema. There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Interval improvement of the pleural thickening and basilar opacities, compared to the prior exams; however, evaluation for empyema is limited, and a CT would be recommended for further evaluation.  D/w Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ by phone at ___p on the day of the exam.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Interval placement of left-sided pigtail pleural catheter, with marked improvement in left pleural effusion, with a small residual effusion remaining.  No visceral pleural line is identified at the apex, but the left hemidiaphragm appears unusually sharp suggesting a probable small basilar pneumothorax.  Elliptical opacity adjacent to the pigtail pleural catheter corresponds to residual loculated pleural fluid posterolaterally as shown on prior CT
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: ETT ends 3.7 cm from the carina in appropriate position. The enteric tube ends in the second portion of the duodenum. Vague opacitiy overlying the left heart border may represent aspiration. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: ET tube in appropriate position. The enteric tube ends in the second portion of the duodenum, recommend repositioning. Vague opacitiy overlying the left heart border may represent aspiration.  NOTIFICATION:  These findings were discussed with Dr. ___ report by Dr. ___ at 05:45 on ___ by telephone at time of discovery.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Heterogeneous opacity in the right lung apex, better seen on concurrent cervical spine CT.  Followup dedicated chest CT is recommended to ensure resolution.  2.  Probable small bilateral pleural effusions and atelectasis  3.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  There is mild unfolding of the descending thoracic aorta.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Clips project over the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: A right-sided PICC remains in stable position terminating in the distal SVC.  The aorta remains tortuous.  Cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or evidence of pneumonia. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  A new area of consolidation has developed in the left lower lobe, predominantly in the retrocardiac area, and a more subtle area of opacity has developed in the right infrahilar region.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are also new. Impression: 1.  New bibasilar opacities, most prominent in the left retrocardiac region.  These findings may be due to acute aspiration or developing pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  Short-term followup radiographs may be helpful in this regard. 2.  New small bilateral pleural effusions.']
['Findings: The hilum are slowly enlarging since ___.  Right paratracheal stripe has also thickened since previous exam.  As shown on the CT of ___, the patient had multiple enlarged central lymph nodes.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac contour is mildly enlarged.  Gastric band is seen.  CONCLUSION:  Slowly enlarging central lymph nodes since ___ is suggestive of sarcoid. Impression: ', 'Findings: Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Bilateral hilar adenopathy and mild cardiomegaly are unchanged.  No pleural effusion.  Overall, radiographic examination of the chest is unchanged. Impression: Unchanged hilar lymphadenopathy without significant changes compared to ___.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The heart size has decreased when compared to the prior study, and now appears only mildly enlarged.  The aorta is tortuous.  Bilateral hilar enlargement compatible with pulmonary arterial hypertension and likely lymphadenopathy is stable.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal and the lungs are clear.  No pleural eff
['Findings: In comparison with the study of earlier in this date, there is again enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with the degree of pulmonary vascular congestion somewhat reduced.  Bibasilar effusions and atelectatic changes.  Monitoring and support devices remain in place. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to prior chest radiograph from ___, there has been interval worsening of the opacifications at the lower lung bases bilaterally, compatible with pleural effusions.  There is pulmonary vascular congestion and edema which remains unchanged. There is no pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. An endotracheal tube is in place with tip terminating 2.5 cm above the carina.  Nasogastric tube is again seen coursing below the diaphragm and out of view of this image. Impression: Interval worsening of bilateral pleural effusions with pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube and nasogastric tube remain in standard position. Marked leftward patient rotation limits assessment of cardiomediastinal contours.  Apparent enlarging moderate left pleural effusion is difficult to assess considering the degree of rotation, and
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There are low lung volumes with left base atelectasis.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Low lung volumes with left base atelectasis.  No definite focal consolidation.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low. This accentuates the size of the cardiac silhouette which is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contour is unchanged with unfolding of the thoracic aorta again noted. Bronchovascular crowding is a result of low lung volumes, but no pulmonary edema is present. Patchy opacities in the lung bases are most likely reflective of atelectasis. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality is noted. Impression: Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs ___ through ___.  Tip of the tracheostomy tube is no more than one cm above the carina.  On ___ it reached the carina.  Clinical assessment is indicated.  Severe cardiomegaly unchanged.  Pulmonary vascular engorgement stable.  Left lower lobe is probably severely atelectatic.  Pleural effusions are presumed, but not large.  No pneumothorax.  Left PIC line ends close to the superior cavoatrial junction.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices are unchanged.  Continued low lung volumes accentuate the enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.  The right hemidiaphragm is sharply seen and the lung is clear.  On the left, however, there is increased opacification at the base, silhouetting the hemidiaphragm, consistent with layering pleural effusion and compressive atelectatic changes.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  The tip of the endotracheal tube projects 3 cm above the carina.  Lung volumes have decreased. 
['Findings: Lungs are well expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Heart size is top normal.  The aorta remains tortuous but unchanged.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities are detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion, or pulmonary vascular congestion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low. The heart size is mildly enlarged but unchanged. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion. Patchy bibasilar opacities likely reflect atelectasis. Leftward deviation of the trachea at the level of the thoracic inlet is due to the known thyroid goiter.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: There are relatively low lung volumes. Bibasilar atelectasis is seen without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are likely exaggerated by low lung volumes. The aorta is tortuous. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged. There may be mild central pulmonary vascular engorgement, without overt pulmonary edema. There is anterior wedging of a vertebral body at the thoracolumbar junction, of indeterminate age. Impression: Relatively low lung volumes. Bibasilar atelectasis without definite focal consolidation. Mild central pulmonary vascular engorgement, without overt pulmonary edema. 
['Findings:  Impression: Small left pleural effusion.  No radiographic evidence for pneumonia.  8 mm nodular density projecting over the fifth left rib medially may represent an osseous lesion such as a bone island, or possibly a pulmonary nodule.  Oblique views are recommended for further evaluation.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: to suggest active infection or malignancy.  Heart is normal size, and there is no pleural abnormality. Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Aside from a handful of calcified granulomas, lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are unremarkable aside from probable right hilar lymph nodes.  There are no findings to suggest active infection or malignancy.  Heart is normal size, and there is no pleural abnormality.', 'Findings: Supine AP portable views of the chest were obtained.  Linear left basilar opacity likely represents atelectasis.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  Rounded calcified opacity at the lateral right lung base is stable and may represent a calcified granuloma.  A radiopaque rounded structure projects over the right upper-to-mid hemithorax and may be external to the patient.  No large pleural effusion or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  Left greater than right biapical pleural thickening is again seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  No acute fracture is seen. Impression: Left basilar atelectasis.
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are normal.  There is no evidence of rib fractures or other bony lesions.  The trachea is displaced to the left, without substantial narrowing.  However, presence of thyroid enlargement must be suspected.  Moderate cardiomegaly with signs of mild fluid overload.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia.  Double-lumen right-sided catheter in correct position. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear of consolidation, effusion or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ___ to ___.  Monitoring and support devices are stable.  The pre-existing bilateral apical opacities have substantially improved.  New small to moderate bilateral pleural effusions.  Unchanged moderate widening of the mediastinum.  Unchanged mild cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are stable with cardiac size normal and tortuous aorta. The lungs are hyperinflated and clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. COPD', 'Findings:  Impression: NG tube tip isout of view, below the diaphragm.  ET tube is in standard position.  Central catheters are in unchanged standard position.  Cardiomegaly is stable.  The aorta is tortuous.  Large bilateral effusions with adjacent atelectasis are unchanged.  Moderate pulmonary edema is minimally improved.', "Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Lung volumes have decreased.  Moderate cardiomegaly has developed.
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are clear of consolidation or effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is at the upper limits of normal size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There are streaky basilar opacities most suggestive of minor atelectasis.  Otherwise, the lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: Streaky posterior basilar opacities, more suggestive of atelectases than pneumonia, although early infection is difficult to entirely exclude.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation or effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Chest, PA and lateral.  The lungs are clear.  The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  There is no pneumothorax, pneumomediastinum, or pleural effusion identified.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  There are no radiopaque foreign bodies within the airways, esophagus or imaged portion of the stomach. Impression: Normal radiographs of the chest. No radiopaque foreign body detected.']
['Findings: Clear lungs bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size, mediastinal contour and hila are normal.  No bony abnormality. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.', 'Findings: Right basilar opacity is worrisome for pneumonia. There is mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Patchy right basilar opacity is worrisome for pneumonia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Lower lung volumes seen on the current exam.  Linear left basilar opacity is most likely due to atelectasis.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: Left basilar linear opacity which is most likely atelectasis.  Otherwise, clear lungs.']
['Findings: Monitoring and supporting devices are in standard positions, unchanged since prior studies.  There are no interval changes since ___.  Mild bilateral lower lung atelectasis is unchanged. No New lung opacities concerning for pneumonia.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Heart size is normal.  No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube ends approximately 4.5 cm above the carina and is appropriate in position.  Left subclavian line terminates in the mid SVC.  Orogastric tube is seen coursing below the diaphragm into the stomach, however, the distal end is coiled with its tip pointing cranially. Small left pleural effusion and left lower lung atelectasis is unchanged.  Mild right lung base atelectasis is constant.  No lung opacities concerning for pneumonia.   Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the monitoring and support devices are in unchanged position.  The lung volumes have slightly increased, potentially reflecting increased ventilatory pressures.  The size of the
['Findings:  Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: Frontal view of the chest was obtained.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  Instinct pulmonary vasculature is compatible with mild edema.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are present with adjacent atelectasis.  No focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Median sternotomy wires appear intact. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema with bilateral small pleural effusions, left greater than right, and adjacent atelectasis.', 'Findings: The heart and mediastinal contours are stable.  Increased bilateral opacity centered around the hilum is compatible with worsened pulmonary edema, now severe.  Bilateral instinct costophrenic angles remain compatible with small pleural effusions with adjacent atelectasis.  No pneumothorax.  Sternotomy wires are intact. Impression: Worsened pulmonary edema, now severe, with small bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  There is interval resolution of previously seen interstitial edema.  Mild vascular cephalization is likely chronic.  There is stable right hilar engorgement, moderate cardiomegaly, and tortuous aorta.
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the tip of the endotracheal tube is approximately 3.8 cm above the carina.  The Swan-Ganz catheter is been pulled back so that the tip is within the right atrium.  Continued and probably increasing hazy opacification of the right hemithorax, consistent with layering effusion.  Bibasilar atelectatic changes, more prominent on the right.', 'Findings: There is streaky density at the lung bases consistent with subsegmental atelectasis.  The lungs appear otherwise clear.  The heart and mediastinal structures are unremarkable.  An endotracheal tube is been inserted and ends of the thoracic inlet.  Prominence of the pulmonary interstitium is no longer apparent. Impression: Clearing of pulmonary vascular congestion.  Subsegmental atelectasis.', 'Findings: No focal airspace opacity.  Changes of mild pulmonary edema, decreased from prior.  Small left pleural effusion.  Cardiac silhouette is of normal size.   This preliminary report was reviewed with Dr. ___, ___ radiologist. Impression: Changes of
['Findings: Given slightly low lung volumes, the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No opacities concerning for infection are present.  There is minimal left lower lobe atelectasis. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia, given slightly low lung volumes.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Large-bore left-sided dialysis catheter is again seen, terminating in the right atrium.  Right axillary and right upper arm stents are seen.  There is a small right pleural effusion which appears to have decreased since the prior study.  There is also overlying mild right basilar atelectasis.  The left lung is clear.  No pneumothorax is seen.  The aorta is somewhat tortuous.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal. Impression: Small right pleural effusion and mild right basilar atelectasis which appear slightly improved as compared to the prior study.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Left-sided dual-lumen large bore catheter with its tip terminating in the right atrium, unchanged.  Overall, cardiac and mediastinal contours are likely stable.  Venous stent is seen within the right axillary region.  No pulmonary edema.  Patchy opacity at the right base either reflects atelectasis or post-inflammatory scarring.  The left lung is clear.  Subtle small right effusion.  No pneumothorax
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are clear.  Multiple clips are noted projecting over the left upper chest.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images.  There are apical pleural changes, consistent with old TB exposure. However, no evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear of focal consolidation.  There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  Linear opacity at the left lung base laterally is most suggestive of atelectasis.  There is no effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: Two frontal images of the chest were obtained.  There are low lung volumes likely secondary to poor inspiration.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: Essentially unchanged chest radiograph with no evidence of acute cardiac or pulmonary pathologies.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal. Mediastinum is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well expanded clear lungs.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours or unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or consolidation. Impression: No pneumonia.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No change as compared to the previous radiograph.  No evidence of pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions. Both the lateral and the frontal radiograph show a normal hilar mediastinal structures. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.']
['Findings: No previous images.  The heart is normal in size, and the lungs are clear without vascular congestion or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged from prior examination. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiac size is normal.  There is blunting of the AP window, this warrants further evaluation with CT The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The osseous structures are unremarkable Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.  Obliteration of the AP window, these warrants further evaluation with CT']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a nodular focus projecting over the left lower lung suggesting a nipple shadow. Otherwise, the lung fields appear clear. Impression: 1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  2.  Nodular focus at the base of the left chest, which is probably due to a nipple shadow. However, repeat PA view without on with nipple markers is suggested in order to confirm.  An email regarding the follow-up recommendation was sent to the ED QA nursing group.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is enlarged.  Mediastinal silhouette is stable.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or appreciable pneumothorax.  Post sternotomy wires are unremarkable.', 'Findings: Previously noted perihilar opacities have resolved.  The lungs are now essentially clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Median sternotomy wires are intact.  No acute osseous abnormalities Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The patient is status post recent median sternotomy and cardiovascular surgery.  Indwelling support and monitoring devices remain in standard position.  Decrease width of cardiomediastinal contours compared to the recent radiograph as well as improved pulmonary vascular congestion and decreased right basilar atelectasis.  However, left retrocardiac opacity has worsened and probably represents a combination of left lower lobe atelectasis and small effusion.  No evidence of pneumothorax. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.  Radiopaque foreign object noted overlying the left neck, likely external.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient still has a left-sided PICC line.  The tip of the line projects over the upper SVC.  The course of the line is unremarkable.  The lung parenchyma has unchanged appearance, there is no evidence of complication.  Degenerative changes at the level of the left clavicle and defect at the right clavicle.  Unchanged appearance of the cardiac silhouette. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Chest PA and lateral radiograph demonstrates unremarkable mediastinal and hilar contours.  Heart size is top normal. Patient is status post CABG with mediastinal clips evident. Clips also located in right breast. Sternotomy sutures are midline and intact.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pneumoperitoneum evident. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and valve replacement.  Mild cardiomegaly is present.  Right-sided pacemaker device is noted with leads terminating in the region of the right atrium and right ventricle.  Widening of the superior mediastinal contour is noted, which could be due to low lung volumes and the presence of mediastinal fat.  There is crowding of bronchovascular structures with mild pulmonary vascular congestion noted.  Patchy retrocardiac opacity likely reflects atelectasis.  No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There are no displaced fractures identified. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion with patchy retrocardiac opacity likely reflecting atelectasis.  Widening of the superior mediastinal contour may be related to low lung volumes; comparison with prior radiographs would be helpful, if there is continued concern for acute traumatic injury within the chest, a chest CT is recommended.']
['Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   Left chest wall pacer device is seen with pacer leads extending into the region of the right atrium and right ventricle.  Lung volumes are low.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  There is hilar congestion and mild interstitial edema.  No large effusion is seen though the right CP angle is excluded.  No pneumothorax.  No convincing evidence for pneumonia though the left base is suboptimally assessed.  No bony abnormalities.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No free air.  Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Left chest wall dual lead pacing device is noted.  The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: A dual-lead pacemaker/ICD device appears unchanged with leads again terminating in the right atrium and ventricle, respectively.  The lung volumes are low.  Allowing for that, the cardiac, mediastinal and hilar cont
['Findings: Diffusely increased interstitial opacities in bilateral lungs, likely reflecting mild to moderate interstitial edema.  No pleural effusion is noted. Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. Impression: The pre-existing pulmonary edema has increased in severity and is now moderate to severe.', 'Findings: Mild cardiomegaly persists.  Compared with the prior radiograph, mild to moderate interstitial pulmonary edema has essentially resolved.  No new focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: Low lung volumes, with interval resolution of moderate interstitial pulmonary edema.  No new focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.']
['Findings: Supine portable chest radiograph obtained.  Lungs are clear.  No evidence of pneumothorax or effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No bony abnormality is seen. Impression: No acute abnormalities.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are slightly low. Heart size is exaggerated due to the presence of low lung volumes but appears mildly enlarged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax is visualized.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Right-sided Port-A-Cath terminates in the right atrium without evidence of pneumothorax.  Since the prior study, there has been interval increase in bilateral nodule opacities worrisome for progression of metastatic disease.  The right hemidiaphragm is elevated.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions.  Mediastinal contours unremarkable.  Difficult to assess the right aspect of the cardiac silhouette due to the elevated right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Elevated right hemidiaphragm.  Trace bilateral pleural effusions.  Increase in size and number of bilateral pulmonary nodules worrisome for progression of metastatic disease.', 'Findings: Increased opacification of the right lung and likely represents increase in layering right pleural effusion with possible loculation but in the right clinical setting, could also represent either aspiration or pneumonia.  Cardio mediastinal contours are unchanged.  No pneumothorax.  Multiple bilateral opacities consistent with known metastatic nodules better seen on recent chest CT.  Right chest port tip is in the right atrium. Impression: Probable increase in layering right pleural eff
['Findings: Linear bandlike atelectasis in the lingula and lower lobes.  No focal consolidation.  No pulmonary edema.  The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: Minimal atelectasis.']
['Findings: The cardiac silhouette size is normal.  The aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates calcifications, most pronounced at the aortic knob.  There appear to be calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph nodes, suggestive of prior granulomatous disease.  The pulmonary vascularity is not engorged.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are multilevel anterior bridging osteophytes within the thoracic spine.  No acute osseous abnormality is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiac silhouette is normal.  The aorta is mildly tortuous with calcifications at the aortic knob.  No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax.  There is unchanged eventration of the right hemidiaphragm.  Multilevel degenerative changes are seen in the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiac size is normal.  Aside from minimal left lower lobe atelectasis, the lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.   NG tube tip is out of view below the diaphragm Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality']
['Findings:  Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis.  Please refer to chest CTA for further details.', 'Findings: Portable AP upright radiograph was obtained.  Left basilar atelectasis is similar in appearance to the previous examination with otherwise unchanged appearance and no evidence of pneumothorax or pulmonary edema.  The heart is top normal in size with normal cardiomediastinal contours. Impression: Left basilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: Single portable AP chest radiograph demonstrates interval removal of endotracheal tube, enteric tube, Swan-Ganz catheter and chest tubes. Lung volumes remain low. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged in appearance. Lung volumes are low with mild vascular congestion. There is no pneumothorax. Blunting of bilateral costophrenic angles may reflect small pleural effusions. Impression: Low lung volumes with mild vascular congestion. Blunting of bilateral costophrenic angles may reflect small pleural effusions. No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Sternotomy wires are intact.  Lungs are well inflated and clear.  Heart size and mediastinal contours are normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Osseous structures are intact.  Surgical clips in the right upper quadrant suggest prior cholecystectomy. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The right IJ Cordis is been removed. There is subsegmental atelectasis in the left mid to lower lung. There is a small left effusion.  There is no focal infarct Impression:
['Findings:  Impression: No comparison.  Moderate scoliosis with subsequent asymmetry of the ribcage.  Normal lung volumes.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions.']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum and pleural surfaces.  Heavy extrapleural fat deposition is longstanding and of no clinical significance.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs are obtained.  Heart size is at the high end of normal.  Cardiomediastinal contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear with no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  Normal vasculature with no pulmonary venous congestion.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax. Impression: No radiographic evidence of acute pneumonia.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are somewhat low though allowing for this, the lungs appear clear.  There is no focal consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears grossly within normal limits and unchanged.  Mediastinal contour is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The pulmonary
['Findings: Left pectoral pacer device with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle.  The thoracic aorta is tortuous, unchanged compared to the prior study.  Elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is unchanged compared to the prior study.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. Small bilateral pleural effusions may be present.  No pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Left pectoral pacer device leads terminate in the right atrium and right ventricle. Small bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings:  Impression: There is a dual lead left-sided pacemaker with lead tips projecting over the right atrium and right ventricle.  There is tortuosity and calcifications of the thoracic aorta, stable.  There is some elevation of the left hemidiaphragm similar to prior. No focal consolidation is seen.  There is atelectasis at the lung bases.  There are no pneumothoraces.']
['Findings: There are persistent low lung volumes.  There is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and bibasilar atelectasis larger on the right.  There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions.  There is severe kyphosis.  Lumbar hardware is partially imaged.  Evaluation of vertebral bodies in the thoracolumbar region is very limited.  Mild cardiomegaly Impression: Elevation of the right hemi thorax.  Bibasilar atelectasis.  No evident pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Low lung volumes persist in the patient is somewhat rotated.  Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm persist.  Right base opacity could be due to atelectasis although consolidation, potentially due to infection or aspiration, is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.  No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are not well assessed due to the low lung volumes although mediastinal contours are unremarkable and similar to prior..  Chronic deformity at the right shoulder is re- demonstrated.  The study is suboptimal for the assessment of
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are unchanged.  There is interval decrease in right pleural effusion after thoracocentesis currently small to moderate.  There is no pneumothorax.  There is no pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Heart size top normal, better appreciated on the lateral view.  Lungs fully expanded and clear.  Azygos fissure, clinically insignificant variant.  No pleural abnormality or evidence of central adenopathy.  Heart size top normal, unchanged.  Healed right lateral rib fractures.', 'Findings:  Impression: Cardiomegaly is substantial.  Vascular congestion is present.  There is no appreciable pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  Old the rib fracture is present on the right.', 'Findings: New moderate right-sided pleural effusion with associated substantial volume loss of the right middle and right lower lobe.  The left lung is clear.  No overt pulmonary edema.  Mild cardiomegaly.  Note is made of an azygos fissure.
['Findings: Portable upright chest radiograph ___ at 04:22 is submitted. Impression: Lungs remain well inflated without evidence of focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  Streaky linear opacities at the right costophrenic angle likely reflect subsegmental atelectasis.  No pulmonary edema, pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: Multiple pulmonary masses overall unchanged since the prior study with no new consolidations or new pleural effusion demonstrated.  No pneumothorax is seen. Overall no definitive evidence of new process demonstrated but airway involvement by the metastatic disease cannot be assessed on the chest radiograph in would require assessment with cross-sectional imaging.  Chest CT from ___ has demonstrated potentially invasion of the left upper lobe bronchus by the mass which might serve as a source of hemoptysis as well as extensive lymphadenopathy in the right hilus.  If clinically warranted, reassessment with repeated chest CT O potentially CT angiography is to be considered if clinically indicated.', 'Findings: Right IJ central venous catheter ends in the right atrium.  It can be withdrawn approximately 4.0 cm for positioning at the cavoatrial junction.  There is no pneumothorax.  Multiple bilateral pulmonary masses including the largest left apical mass are re- demonstrated.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size.  There is no pleural effusion. Impression: 1. Right IJ central venous catheter ends in the right atrium and can be retracted approximately 4.
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  Aorta is slightly tortuous.  There is no evidence of pneumonia, pulmonary edema or pleural effusion.  Hilar contours are normal. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No evidence of free air is seen beneath the diaphragms. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence of free air beneath the diaphragm.']
['Findings: There is a patchy right basilar opacity.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Findings concerning for right lower lobe pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  The heart size is normal.  There is no pleural abnormality. The hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lungs are well inflated and clear bilaterally with no suspicious lesions or masses.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is mild stable cardiomegaly without evidence of failure.  The aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified.  Pleural surfaces are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of remote or recurrent tuberculosis.', 'Findings:  Impression: Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Mild fluid overload.  Tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  No evidence of TB or other lung infection.', 'Findings: Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are stable, with mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta again noted.  There are mild calcifications of the aortic arch.  No overt pulmonary edema is present, and there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Lungs are clear.  No acute osseous abnormalities are demonstrated.  Multiple clips are noted within the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph:  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Both lungs are clear with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size with normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Endotracheal tube tip terminates approximately 6.5 cm from the carina.  The heart size is normal.  The aorta is diffusely calcified.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  Hilar contours are prominent, suggestive of underlying enlargement of the pulmonary arteries.  Severe emphysema is seen within the lung apices, more pronounced on the right.  Patchy opacity in the left lower lobe is concerning for an area of infection.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: Endotracheal tube in standard position.  Patchy left basilar opacity concerning for infection.  Severe emphysema.']
["Findings: Again seen is marked interstitial opacity particularly notable at the left lung base consistent with patient's known pulmonary fibrosis and bronchiectasis seen on the CT's from ___ and ___.  There is evidence of right basilar atelectasis.  In the context of the limitations of the parenchyma, no definite superimposed new focal opacity is seen.  There is a small right pleural effusion, no pneumothorax.  The left heart border is obscured by the fibrosis.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged from prior exams dating back to ___. Impression: No acute interval changes suggestive of pneumonia identified."]
['Findings: The lungs are fully expanded and clear. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Pleural surfaces are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. .', 'Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, pulmonary edema, or focal consolidation. Impression: Normal chest.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: There is bibasilar atelectasis.  Basilar opacities may relate to atelectasis although, underlying pneumonia is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting vertically at the medial left lung base.  No large pleural effusion is seen although trace pleural effusion would be difficult to exclude.  There may be minimal interstitial edema.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Aortic calcifications are seen.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: ']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart size top normal.  Lap band is in place, difficult to evaluate.  Otherwise, partially imaged upper abdomen appears unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The heart size is mildly enlarged.  The patient is status post median sternotomy and mitral valve replacement.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion.  Left-sided dual-chamber pacemaker device is re- demonstrated with leads terminating in the right atrium and right right ventricle.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No acute osseous abnormalities are identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lungs are clear.  Elevation of the left hemidiaphragm laterally is chronic finding.  Patient has had median sternotomy and mitral valve replacement.  Moderate cardiomegaly with particular dilatation of the left atrium is unchanged.  Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable, and there is no edema or pleural effusion.  The transvenous right atrial and right ventricular pacer leads are unchanged in their respective positions.  Chronic pericardial calcification noted.  There is no evidence of acute pneumonia or clinically significant residual of past infection.', 'Findings: Transvenous
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is little change and no convincing evidence of acute pneumonia.  No vascular congestion or pleural effusion. Impression: ']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal appearance of the lung parenchyma.  No evidence of pleural effusions, pneumonia or pulmonary edema.  The soft tissues in the left neck are slightly denser than on the right. Impression: ']
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  Diffuse coarse interstitial opacities are most pronounced within the periphery of the right upper lung field and left lung base concerning for a chronic interstitial lung disease which appears relatively unchanged compared to the prior exam.  No pulmonary edema is visualized, and no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Multilevel degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: No significant interval change from the prior study with findings suggestive of a chronic interstitial lung disease.  This can be further assessed with high-resolution chest CT.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate interstitial pulmonary edema, unchanged from prior exam.  Underlying interstitial lung disease cannot be excluded.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouette are unchanged.  Heart size is top normal.  There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Right costophrenic angle is blunted, suggestive of trace pleural effusion.  Visualized osseous structures are intact. Impression: Mild interstitial pulmonary edema with possible trace right pleural effusion.']
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated.  No acute osseous abnormality is visualized. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: A single AP upright frontal radiograph of the chest demonstrates a right PICC with the tip terminating in the upper to mid SVC.  The course of the line is unremarkable without evidence of pneumothorax.  The inspiratory lung volumes remain low.  Mild pulmonary edema has improved substantially.  No significant pleural effusion is identified.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal in size, but stable.  Calcification at the aortic knob is noted.  The mediastinum is within normal limits and unchanged from the prior study. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia with mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema and pleural effusions.', 'Findings: The heart continues to be mildly enlarged with pulmonary vascular redistribution.  There is a small left effusion and increased opacity in the left lower lobe that could be infiltrate versus volume loss.  Compared to the prior study, the left lower lobe is slightly worse. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Right internal jugular central venous line terminates at the superior cavoatrial junction. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. The lungs demonstrate mild interstitial edema and the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no pleural effusion. Impression: 1. Satisfactory positioning of right internal jugular central venous line, terminating at the superior cavoatrial junction. No pneumothorax. 2.  Mild interstitial edema.', 'Findings: Unchanged position of right chest large for pigtail catheter and 2 pigtail catheters within the liver. Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis. Small right pneumothorax is slightly decreased from prior. Probable small left pleural effusion is demonstrated with decreased left base atelectasis and decrease conspicuity of perihilar consolidation, possibly due to leftward rotation. Impression: Unchanged chest and right upper quadrant catheters. Small right pneumothorax, slightly decreased from prior. Low lung volumes.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, a pre-existing parenchymal opacity in perihilar location on the left has almost
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  There is no pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities.  Surgical clips in the right upper quadrant suggest prior cholecystectomy. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.                                                                                ___, MD CC: DR. ___ ___ ___']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is top-normal. Mediastinum is normal. There is mild vascular congestion but no overt edema. There is overall improvement of the lung bases variation but more focal opacity in the right lower lung is persistent and might be concerning for infectious process, attention to this area on the subsequent studies is recommended.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous image, the lung volumes have increased, likely reflecting improved ventilation. However, the heart remains enlarged and there is minimal fluid overload as well as a small left pleural effusion, associated to a left retrocardiac atelectasis.', 'Findings: The projection precludes meaningful comment on the heart size.  The cardiomediastinal contour is unchanged however.  A right-sided internal jugular catheter is in-situ, the tip is at the cavoatrial junction.  The tip of a nasogastric tube is outside of the field of view abuts right below the diaphragm.  Lung volumes are slightly improved when compared to the prior study.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion seen.  Minimal retrocardiac atelectasis is stable compared to
['Findings: There has been no significant interval change since the prior study. No focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There has been interval removal of left-sided internal jugular central venous catheter.  The cardiac silhouette remains enlarged.  Mediastinal contours are stable.  Slight prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature may be due to pulmonary vascular engorgement without overt pulmonary edema. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes are appropriate.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged and there is no overt pulmonary edema.  The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged but stable.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits and unchanged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There is minimal pulomonary vascular congestion and mild cardiomegaly.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs are otherwise clear. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with study of ___, there is little change
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  There are no focal parenchymal opacities.  There is mild bilateral hilar engorgement and vascular upper redistribution, suggesting pulmonary vascular congestion, but no overt pulmonary edema.  The heart is moderate to severely enlarged and a unicameral ICD device is seen in the left axilla with the lead ending in the heart base.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion in the setting of moderate cardiomegaly.  No focal opacities to suggest pneumonia.']
['Findings: IMPRESSION (PFI): ___ ___ ___ 2:32 PM Impression: (PFI): ___ ___ ___ 2:32 PM  IMPRESSION:  Subtle right costophrenic angle and retrocardiac opacities, with  trace pleural effusion may represent pneumonia. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT HISTORY:  ___-year-old female with Plasmodium falciparum.  STUDY:  PA and lateral chest radiograph.  COMPARISON:  None.  FINDINGS:  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Subtle opacity at the right costophrenic angle is noted as well as in the retrocardiac space.  There is no pneumothorax.  There may be trace pleural effusion on the right.  IMPRESSION:  Subtle right costophrenic angle and retrocardiac opacities, with trace pleural effusion may represent pneumonia.']
['Findings: Severe cardiomegaly with left atrial enlargement has worsened since the prior study.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Central pulmonary vascular engorgement is seen.  No definite focal consolidation.  Median sternotomy is noted. Impression: Severe cardiomegaly with left atrial enlargement appears worsened since the prior study.  Central pulmonary vascular engorgement without overt pulmonary edema.']
["Findings: There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There is partial right upper lobe collapse.  Within the left lower lobe there is also ill-defined nodular opacity.  Remainder of the lungs are unremarkable.  The previously seen mediastinal adenopathy is not well appreciated on today's examination.  The heart is not enlarged. Impression: No pneumothorax.  Partial right upper lobe collapse and new left lower lobe nodular opacity, can be from aspiration, pneumonia or less likely malignant."]
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pre described opacities in the left lung have completely cleared.  There currently is no evidence for pathologic parenchymal opacities.  Severe scoliosis with subsequent asymmetry of the ribcage.  Unchanged normal size of the heart.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable. There is asymmetric new opacification of the left mid to upper lung on the anterior view; on the lateral opacity more striking is new opacity in the left lower lobe. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Findings suggesting areas of pneumonia in the left lung.', 'Findings: Heart size is top normal.  Mediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.  No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Severe scoliosis with subsequent asymmetry of the rib cage is unchanged. Impression: No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded and clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. Impression: Normal chest radiographs.', 'Findings:  Impression: Normal chest radiograph.', 'Findings:  Impression: Normal chest.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette the is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is mild prominence of the contour of the ascending aorta, concerning for aortic aneurysm.  The lungs are well inflated appear grossly clear without evidence of focal consolidation.  There is no pulmonary edema, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.  The heart size is normal and the hila are unremarkable. Impression: 1.  Mild prominence of the ascending aorta contour is concerning for aortic aneurysm. 2.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.']
["Findings: Elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is unchanged.  Linear atelectasis the lateral left lung base is new.  Lungs are otherwise well expanded and clear.  No pleural abnormality.  Moderate to severe cardiomegaly is unchanged.  No pulmonary edema.  Cardiomediastinal hilar silhouettes are unremarkable.  Dense aortic calcifications are again noted.  Multiple gaseously distended loops of large bowel project over the upper abdomen. Impression: 1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Prominent gaseous distension of large bowel is consistent with reported ___'s syndrome.", 'Findings: Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable, with moderate cardiomegaly seen.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No significant interval change.', 'Findings:  Impression: Consistent with the clinical history of aspiration is the new appearance of bilateral basal parenchymal opacities, reflecting aspiration pneumonia.  Air bronchograms are seen.  No pleural effusions.  Minimal retro
['Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  No focal consolidation, edema, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinum is not widened.  The hila and pleura are normal.  No osseous abnormality suspicious for malignancy or infection. Impression: No pneumonia.']
['Findings: Even allowing for the AP technique and low lung volumes, the heart is probably mildly enlarged.  A right subclavian central venous catheter is in the proximal SVC.  Bibasilar opacities likely represent atelectasis.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Low lung volumes and mild cardiomegaly.  2.  No evidence of pulmonary edema or pneumonia.  3.  Central venous catheter terminates in the proximal SVC.', 'Findings:  Impression: There has not been a substantial change in the appearance of the chest since the recent study of 2 days earlier.  Specifically, no new areas of consolidation are evident to suggest the presence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   Port-A-Cath is unchanged.  There has been interval intubation with the tip of the endotracheal tube positioned 2.5 cm above the carina.  NG tube courses into the upper abdomen.  Scattered at opacities within the lungs unchanged. Impression: The ET and NG tubes positioned appropriately.', 'Findings: Port-A-Cath is unchanged in position with its tip in the region of the mid SVC.  Scattered airspace opacities most pronounced in the left mid to lower lung are new from prior and concerning for pneumonia.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Scattered airspace opacities most pronounced in the left lower lung concerning for pneumonia.', 'Findings: Right-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates at the junction of the SVC and right atrium.  Heart size is normal.  The aorta is diffusely calcified and tortuous. Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Low lung volumes are present with crowding of bronchovascular structures
['Findings: .  Comparison is made with prior study ___.  Cardiac size is top normal.  There is no evidence of large mediastinal lymphadenopathy.  The lungs are grossly clear.  There is no pleural effusion.  There are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities or large lymphadenopathy.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  Low lung volumes are seen.  There are faint bibasilar opacities, left greater than right.  Right-sided PICC is seen with tip in the mid-to-lower SVC.  Radiopaque metallic foreign bodies project over the left hemithorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: Right PICC with tip in the mid-to-lower SVC.  Faint bibasilar opacities left greater than right, potentially atelectasis, although clinical correlation regarding possible infection.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate increased opacification of the right lower lobe, consistent with pneumonia.  The left lung is clear.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Right lower lobe pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no change from the prior radiograph. Impression: Normal chest radiograph; specifically, no evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal. Mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Impression: Top-normal to mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette without overt pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: There are low lung volumes that accentuate the bronchovascular markings.  Given this, no definite focal consolidation is seen.  There is mild left base atelectasis.  No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  There is gaseous distention of the bowel underlying the left hemidiaphragm which is not well evaluated. Impression: 1.  Low lung volumes which accentuate the bronchovascular markings with mild left base atelectasis and no definite focal consolidation. 2.  Gaseous distention of the bowel underlying the left hemidiaphragm not well evaluated on this study.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate extensive bibasilar atelectasis, worse on the left, with no evidence of pneumonia.  The cardiomediastinal contours are normal, and no pleural abnormality. Of note, a gas-distended stomach in the left upper quadrant. Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis, worse on the left, with no evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: Portable radiograph of the chest demonstrates low
['Findings: Right upper lobe volume loss is responsible for marked elevation of the right hilus.  This could well be scarring, but should be evaluated by comparison to prior chest radiographs to see if there is any need to investigate possible bronchial obstruction.  Lungs are otherwise clear.  Cardiomediastinal and left hilar silhouettes are normal.  There is no pleural effusion. Impression: Left upper lobe scarring and/or atelectasis, chronicity indeterminate.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Consult prior radiographs to determine chronicity of right upper lobe volume loss.  NOTIFICATION:  Dr. ___ reported the findings to Dr ___ by telephone on ___ at 10:13 AM, 2 minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Right clavicle fixating plate is in appropriate position. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance in this patient status post previous median sternotomy and coronary artery bypass surgery.  Lungs are clear except for linear bibasilar atelectasis.  There is no visible pneumothorax. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the atelectasis at the left lung base, potentially caused by a small left pleural effusion, has improved. No new focal parenchymal opacities. No pulmonary edema. No pneumonia.  No pneumothorax.  The course and position of the Dobbhoff catheter is constant.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear. Heart size is top normal.  There is no pneumothorax. Stable appearance of the regional soft tissues and bones. Impression: Clear lungs with no evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the feeding tube appears to have been pushed forward slightly. There is increasing opacification at the left base consistent with volume loss in the left lower lobe and pleural effusion. In the appropriate clinical setting, superimposed pneumonia would have to be considered. The right lung shows only minimal atelectatic changes at the base.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ radiograph, no focal areas of consolidation are evident in the lungs to suggest the presence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear. The card
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images.  Mild hyperexpansion of the lungs, but no evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lung fields are clear. There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  No evidence of fracture.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate clear lungs bilaterally.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears, unchanged when compared to prior examination dated ___.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Osseous structures demonstrate degenerative changes within the right glenohumeral joint. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with unfolded thoracic aorta again noted.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormalities are seen. Impression: No signs of pneumonia or CHF.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  There is no effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear. Splaying of the carina, double cardiac silhouette in the left, and a transverse dimension of the right atrium of
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  No evidence pneumothorax.  The lung fields are clear.  Multiple mid thoracic vertebral bodies have mild loss of height.  Osseous structures are otherwise unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Unchanged mild cardiomegaly.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  There is consolidation in the left lower lung, concerning for atelectasis, aspiration or pneumonia.  Right basilar atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  There are multilevel degenerative changes of the visualized spine. Impression: Consolidation in the left lower lung, concerning for atelectasis, aspiration or pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Heart size top-normal.  Lungs clear.  No pulmonary vascular engorgement, edema or pleural effusion.']
['Findings: AP and lateral radiograph of the chest demonstrates hyperinflated lungs with flattening of the diaphragms. Cardiac silhouette is markedly enlarged due to large pericardial effusion better seen on same day CT.  There is no large right pleural effusion.  Scarring at the lung apices noted. Impression: 1.  Enlarged cardiac silhouette due to large pericardial effusion seen on same-day CT. 2.  Hyperinflated lungs.']
['Findings: The lungs are symmetrically well expanded and well aerated, without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no overt pulmonary edema or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is hyperexpansion of the lungs, with flattening of both hemidiaphragms, compatible with COPD. Right upper lobe scarring and pleural thickening is likely unchanged compared to the prior study, given differences in patient positioning. There is no overt pulmonary edema, pneumothorax, or focal consolidation worrisome for pneumonia.  There is likely a small left pleural effusion and/or pleural thickening at the left lung base. Irregular calcification in the right lateral breast is better assessed on prior mammogram. Right proximal humeral fracture is again noted.  No displaced rib fractures are identified. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.  Findings compatible with COPD.  Right proximal humeral fracture is better characterized on separately dictated shoulder radiographs.  No displaced rib fractures seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Status post resection of the first rib on the right.  A drain is in situ.  5 mm right apical pneumothorax without evidence of tension.  Normal size of the heart.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous image, no relevant change is seen.  Status post resection of the first rib.  The right drain is in unchanged position.  No pneumothorax or other pulmonary changes, with the exception of minimal areas of atelectasis at both the left and the right lung basis.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ radiograph, no new focal areas of consolidation are identified to suggest the presence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged.  Lungs are clear.  Normal mediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces.']
['Findings: Portable semi-upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates bibasilar opacities, which likely represents a combination of atelectasis and pleural effusion, however pneumonia could be considered in the appropriate clinical setting.  There is increased pulmonary vascular congestion, and mild cardiomegaly. Impression: 1.  Pulmonary edema.  2.  Bibasilar opacities likely represent a combination of atelectasis and pleural effusion, however pneumonia could be considered in the appropriate clinical setting.', 'Findings: Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged.  Diffuse mild pulmonary edema has slightly improved.  Lungs are clear.  A small left pleural effusion is possible.  No pneumothorax. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema, slightly improved', 'Findings: Frontal chest radiograph demonstrates interval removal of right jugular sheath with persistent right central line terminating in the mid to low SVC.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette has a normal postoperative appearance.  There is persistent unchanged bilateral pleural effusions with associated left basilar atelectasis.  No pneumothorax. Impression: No significant changes since ___.', '
["Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding similar study of ___.  The heart size is normal.  No configurational abnormality is present.  Thoracic aorta and mediastinal structures are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  No signs of acute or chronic parenchymal infiltrates are present.  Whereas the left-sided lateral pleural sinus is free, there is mild blunting seen on the right side extending also into the posterior pleural sinus.  This finding did not exist on the previous examination.  No pneumothorax has developed in the apical area.  Development of a small pleural effusion in the right lower lung space.  It is recommended to follow this up after patient's symptoms have subsided. Impression: "]
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There are relatively low lung volumes, which accentuate the bronchovascular markings particularly the lung bases.  Left greater than right bibasilar opacity may relate to low lung volumes, although an underlying consolidation due to infection or aspiration cannot be excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are grossly unremarkable. Impression: Low lung volumes which accentuate the bronchovascular markings; subtle bibasilar opacities, left greater than right, most likely relate to vascular crowding, although in the appropriate clinical setting infection or aspiration cannot be excluded.  Consider repeat/followup study with better inspiration when patient is able.']
['Findings:  Impression: Tracheostomy is in place, terminating 4.7 cm above the carinal.  Right central venous line terminates in the right atrium.  A left lower lobe consolidation and left pleural effusion are unchanged.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___ through ___:30:  Mild pulmonary edema has improved.  Residual areas of consolidation in both lungs could be persistent edema or concurrent pneumonia.  Followup advised.  Severe cardiomegaly unchanged.  Pleural effusions are presumed, but not substantial.  Right jugular did dual channel catheter ends low in the right atrium.  Tracheostomy tube nearly midline.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices are essentially unchanged.  There are again relatively low lung volumes with worsening retrocardiac opacification consistent with pleural fluid and substantial volume loss in the left lower lobe.  Minimal atelectatic changes are seen on the right.', 'Findings: ETT tip in standard position.  Enteric tube traverses the diaphragm
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 3:47 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images.  Cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal in size and there is no vascular congestion or pleural effusion.  However, there are multiple pulmonary nodules consistent with metastatic melanoma, the most prominent of which is in the left mid zone posteriorly.']
['Findings: A portable frontal chest radiograph demonstrates a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette, allowing for technique.  The lungs are fairly well-aerated, with bilateral infrahilar opacities, which could represent multifocal pneumonia.  The right infrahilar opacity is increased compared to the chest radiograph from earlier on the same day.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Increased bilateral infrahilar opacities, which again could represent multifocal pneumonia.', 'Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged.  The aorta is tortuous and calcified diffusely.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  Previous pattern of mild interstitial pulmonary edema has resolved.  Minimal atelectasis is noted in the lung bases without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities seen.  There is gaseous distention of stomach and bowel loops within the upper abdomen. Impression: Resolution of previously noted interstitial edema.  Mild bibasilar atelectasis.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopul
['Findings: Since the prior study, there is a new vagal stimulator with the generator overlying the left heart and the leads extending to the left cervical region. Lungs are clear aside from linear opacities at the lung bases, likely reflective of atelectasis. No evidence of pneumonia or developing aspiration pneumonitis. The heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. No pneumonia. No pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings: were discussed with Dr. ___, ___D. by ___, ___D. on the  telephone on ___ at ___:___ AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PA AND LAT)  INDICATION:  ___ year old woman with postop fevers to ___, ? pneumonia to explain fevers  //
['Findings: Extremely low lung volumes are noted with secondary crowding of the bronchovascular markings.  There is no definite focal consolidation or effusion.  Calcific density projects over the posterior right fourth rib which could be a calcified granuloma or bone island.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Calcific density in the right upper quadrant suggest cholelithiasis. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process noting low lung volumes.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate clear lungs, without effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac size is normal, the mediastinal contours are normal.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Impression: No acute chest abnormality.', 'Findings: The heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Previous right pleural effusion has resolved.  Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum and pleural surfaces.  No good evidence for intrathoracic malignancy or infection.', 'Findings: A large right pleural effusion is grossly similar to appearance on ___, after adjusting for differences in technique.  The left lung is clear.  Heart size is normal. Impression: Grossly stable size of a large right pleural effusion.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are hyper expanded. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. The bones are intact. Impression: Hyperinflated lungs but no acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is diffuse haziness of the hemithoraces, worse on the right, consistent with layering pleural effusions and compressive atelectasis at the bases.  Although somewhat difficult to assess, there appears to be increased prominence of pulmonary vessels, consistent with elevated pulmonary venous pressure. No change in the appearance of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal. Mediastinum is normal. Lungs are essentially clear. No definitive abnormality to suggest infectious process demonstrated. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear without lobar consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  There is an apparent compression deformity involving one of the vertebral bodies at the thoracolumbar junction, seen only on the lateral view, of unknown the chronicity.  Clips from prior cholecystectomy are seen in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2.  Age-indeterminate vertebral compression deformity at the thoracolumbar junction.']
['Findings: should be clearly marked and imaged with either bone detail views or CT scanning. Impression: Tip of the endotracheal tube at the thoracic inlet is 8 cm above the carina an should be advanced 2-3 cm for more secure seating. There is no central venous catheter visible. An upper enteric drainage tube would need to be advanced 5 cm to move all the side ports into the stomach. Lungs are well expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal and there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The minimally displaced fracture lateral aspect right middle rib unchanged.   Although no other fracture or other bone abnormality is seen, conventional chest radiographs are not appropriate for detection or characterization of chest cage lesions. Any focal findings should be clearly marked and imaged with either bone detail views or CT scanning.', 'Findings: to Dr ___ by telephone on ___ at 12:52 PM, 2 minutes after discovery of the findings. Impression: LEFT LOWER LOBE IS NEWLY COLLAPSED SINCE ___:00.  THE LUNGS ARE OTHERWISE CLEAR. HEART, NORMAL SIZE,
['Findings:  Impression: Normal chest.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  There is no effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lung volumes are somewhat low.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Normal lung volumes. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  The nasogastric tube is in correct position.  No complications, notably no pneumothorax.']
['Findings: In comparison to the most recent prior study, there is a new left basilar opacity obscuring the left heart border and left hemidiaphragm.  Lucency in the bilateral lung apices is consistent with emphysematous change.  No significant pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal in size but unchanged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Impression: New left basilar opacity may reflect underlying consolidation from infection or aspiration.', 'Findings: Portable chest.  The opacity seen in the left lower lobe on the prior radiograph is no longer present.  There is chronic interstitial prominence as well as lucency of the upper lungs consistent with severe bullous emphysema.  The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: 1. Previous left lower lobe opacity has cleared.  No evidence of new infectious process.    2. Findings consistent with chronic lung disease including interstitial prominence and bullous emphysema.', 'Findings: In the interval since the prior study, there has been
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  There is mild unfolding along the thoracic aorta.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta is noted.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation or effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Tip of the endotracheal tube at the thoracic inlet is no less than 6.5 cm from the carina and could be advanced 15 mm for more secured seating.  Lungs remain low in volume but essentially clear.  Heart size is normal.  No appreciable pulmonary abnormality.  Upper enteric drainage tube loops in a non-distended stomach.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  With the chin in neutral position, the tip of the ET tube just above the thoracic inlet and 6 cm above the carina could be advanced 2 cm for more secured seating.  Lung volumes remain low, but aside from minimal atelectasis, lungs are clear.  The heart is normal size.  There is no pleural abnormality.  An upper enteric drainage tube passes into the stomach and out of view.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  ET tube in standard placement, nasogastric drainage tube ends in the upper non-distended stomach.  Lungs remain low in volume but clear
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Tip of endotracheal tube terminates approximately 1.5 cm above the carinal with the neck in a flexed position. A catheter is also noted within the proximal esophagus and most likely represents an esophageal temperature probe, but clinical correlation suggested to exclude a malpositioned orogastric tube. Stable cardiomediastinal widening.  Unchanged small pleural effusions.  No new focal areas of consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  COMPARISON: ___. Impression: ', 'Findings: The arms are down and accordingly the lateral view is underpenetrated and markedly limited.  Dense mitral calcifications are present.  The cardiac, mediastinal, and hilar contours appear unchanged.  A diffuse interstitial abnormality has considerably improved.  A streaky left basilar opacities in the left lower lobe is associated with clustered small dilated airways.  Small pleural effusions are suspected.  With resolution of more widespread opacification, mild peripheral interstitial changes are more apparent in relative terms and unchanged from earlier.  Degenerative changes of the spine appear similar.  Moderate-to-severe degenerative changes involve each shoulder as before
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Minimal dorsal pleural effusions, only visible on the lateral chest radiograph.  No evidence of pneumonia.  Mild overinflation.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Impression: ', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  A coronary artery stent is demonstrated.  The aorta remains tortuous. Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable.  Lungs are hyperinflated with increased retrosternal clear space and flattening of the diaphragms suggestive of COPD. No pulmonary edema, focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Diffuse demineralization of the osseous structures is noted. There are mild degenerative changes noted in the thoracic spine. . Impression: No acute cardiop
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with study of ___, there is no change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lungs are well expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces ARE NORMAL.                                                                        ______________________________________________________________________________       
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images. There is mild enlargement of cardiac silhouette without definite vascular congestion. Blunting of the costophrenic angles could reflect pleural scarring or possible small effusion.  Dense streak of atelectasis  NOTIFICATION:  Line of opacification in the posterior right hemidiaphragm is consistent with calcified plaque. No definite acute pneumonia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  These demonstrate well inflated clear lungs bilaterally.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Visualized osseous structures are without acute abnormality. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the lungs are well expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is no evidence of pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, pneumothorax or focal consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Elevated left hemidiaphragm with adjacent atelectasis.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the PICC line has been replaced in the interval.  Right-sided PICC line shows a normal course, the tip projects over the cavoatrial junction.  No evidence of complications, notably no pneumothorax.  Otherwise, unchanged radiograph with borderline size of the cardiac silhouette and calcified granuloma at the right lung base. Impression: ']
['Findings: Lungs are clear bilaterally.  There is no focal consolidation.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.  There is no air under the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low leading to crowding of the bronchovascular structures.  Bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left, likely reflecting patchy atelectasis.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: Low lung volumes and bibasilar airspace opacities which likely reflect atelectasis, although superimposed infection cannot be entirely excluded.', 'Findings:  Impression: Right basal consolidation has increased since ___, could be atelectasis alone, although the patient has been intubated and the ET tube is in standard placement.   Upper lungs are, were emphysema is most severe, clear of any focal abnormality.  .  Pneumonia is not excluded.  Heart is normal size.  No appreciable pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: Pulmonary vascular congestion has developed in the lower lungs.  Emphysema prevents vascular changes in the upper lungs.  Heart size normal.  ET tube in standard placement.  No pneumothorax or appreciable pleural effusion.  No severe
['Findings: A single portable AP chest radiograph was obtained.  The lungs are well inflated and clear.  There is no consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: In comparison to the prior exam, the lung volumes are lower.  Bibasilar hazy opacities, which are likely related to atelectasis, but in the proper clinical setting, pneumonia cannot be fully excluded.  There is no evidence of pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: Bibasilar opacities in the setting of low lung volumes is likely due to atelectasis, although in the proper clinical setting, a pneumonia cannot be fully excluded.  Results were discussed with Dr. ___ ___ room resident) at 11:50 p.m. on ___ via telephone by Dr. ___.']
['Findings: The lungs are mildly low in volume but clear.  No pleural abnormalities are seen.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  The mediastinum and the hilar contours are normal.  Left-sided port terminates in low SVC. Impression: No pneumonia.']
["Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate clear lungs and normal hilar and cardiomediastinal contours.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No displaced rib fracture is seen. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  No displaced rib fracture is seen.  However, the PA and lateral radiograph is insensitive for the detection of subtle non-displaced rib fractures.  If there is continued clinical concern, dedicated rib radiographs with a skin marker at the location of the patient's pain is recommended."]
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right internal jugular vein catheter has been pulled back by approximately 5-6 cm.  The tip of the device now projects over the mid SVC.  No complications.  Otherwise, unchanged radiographic appearance. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the endotracheal tube has been pulled back.  The tube now projects approximately 2.8 cm above the carina.  There is no evidence of complications.  The other monitoring and support devices are unchanged. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   There is extensive airspace consolidation within the left mid and lower lung concerning for pneumonia.  Subtle opacity also noted in the right lung apex.  Findings are concerning for multifocal pneumonia.  Overall no significant change from prior exam.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema difficult to exclude in the correct clinical setting.  Overall cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unchanged.  There is cortical irregularity partially visualized at the left distal clavicle, correlate for acute injury. Impression: As above.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Left pleural effusion with left lower lobe atelectasis.  Stable mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema.  No new focal parenchymal opacities.  Stable position of the right PICC line.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are decreased and increased opacity at the left lung base likely represents volume loss.  Moderate pulmonary edema is unchanged.  Patchy opacities in the left mid lung are unchanged.  No pneumothorax. Impression: Moderate pulmonary
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  There is biapical scarring.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The imaged bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits within limitation to patient rotation to the left. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is chain suture at the right apex and a surgical clips at the left apex.  The lungs are slightly hyperexpanded.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are stable.  There is no cardiomegaly.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Apical thickening is stable. Well circumscribed opacity in the retrocardiac region on the lateral radiograph anterior to the aorta is likely a distended lower esophagus with retained enteric material or a hiatal hernia. Chronic left rib fractures are redemonstrated. Impression: Well circumscribed opacity in the retrocardiac region likely reflects distended lower esophagus with retained food or a hiatal hernia. No evidence of pneumonia.   Updated results telephoned to Dr. ___ by ___ at 8:50 am, ___, 30 minutes after discovery.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate clear lungs.  The cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  No pleural abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Rounded densities projecting over the lung bases likely represent nipple shadows.  The lung fields are otherwise clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: AT NIPPLE SHADOW SHOULD NOT BE MISTAKEN FOR LUNG NODULES.  PREVIOUS ___ NOTED THE LEFT LOWER LOBE ___ NODULE ON THAT CHEST CT IN ___ DOES NOT REQUIRE FOLLOW-UP.']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Once again, the lung volumes are low, exaggerating top normal heart size.  Lungs are clear, and there is no pleural effusion or evidence of central lymph node enlargement.', 'Findings: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The lung volumes are slightly low, but lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The lungs are hypoinflated and slightly limit the study and exaggerate the pulmonary vascular findings.  However, no consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax is detected.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and
['Findings: No previous images.  The heart is normal in size and lungs are clear without vascular congestion or pleural effusion. Impression: Within normal limits.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No displaced fracture is seen. Please note that if there is high clinical concern for rib fracture, dedicated rib series is more sensitive.']
['Findings: A right PICC terminates within the right atrium.  Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: Right PICC terminates within the right atrium and could be pulled back 3 cm for ideal positioning.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Right PICC probably terminates in the upper right atrium.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  Left pleural effusion has decreased.  Lungs are clear. Impression: 1. The right PICC can be pulled back by approximately 1.5 cm for optimal placement in the lower SVC.  2. Decreased left pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Right-sided PICC is seen terminating in the low SVC/cavoatrial junction. Left perihilar opacity raises concern for infection. Underlying disease involvement is not excluded. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The aorta is slightly tortuous. The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. Imp
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: A single portable upright chest radiograph was obtained.  There is a density projecting over the right hilus.  There is moderate atelectasis at both lung bases.  There is no pneumothorax.  There may be a small left pleural effusion. The descending aorta is tortuous.  There are no other abnormal cardiac or mediastinal contours. Impression: Density projecting over the right hilus correlates with right hilar adenopathy and bronchial thickening as seen on the subsequent CT.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.  Mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta is unchanged.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  Small clips and/or chain sutures project over the splenic flexure. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low. The aorta is tortuous. The lungs are clear, the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process including no evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded and clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  Mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is unchanged.  No displaced rib fracture is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopul
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiac size is normal.  Aside from minimal atelectasis in the left base, The lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Non-healed left rib fracture with adjacent pleural abnormality is again noted Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality']
['Findings:  Impression: NG tube tip isout of view, below the diaphragm.  Widening of the mediastinum has minimally improved.  Distention of the stomach has improved.  No other interval change from prior study.', 'Findings:  Impression: No evident pneumothorax after right chest tube removal.  No other interval change from prior study.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there are extremely low lung volumes.  This could well be responsible for the apparent widening of the cardiac silhouette and fullness of pulmonary vessels. Tracheobronchial stent appears in good position with no evidence of post -procedure pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: There are low lung volumes.  Widening of the mediastinum is new, could be due to hematoma, large area of right perihilar atelectasis is probably present.  Right chest tube is in place.  ET tube is in standard position.  There is right chest wall subcutaneous emphysema.  There atelectasis in the left base.  There is marked distension of the stomach', '
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images.  Nasogastric tube extends at least to the lower body or antrum of the stomach.  Cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal in size or mildly enlarged, without definite vascular congestion.  Opacification at the left base suggests small effusion and atelectatic change. Spinal stenosis surgery is seen in the lower thoracic and upper lumbar region.', 'Findings: The nasogastric tube has been removed.  The left retrocardiac and basilar opacity with associated volume loss has improved e when compared to the prior.  There is blunting of the left costophrenic angle representing a small effusion.  The right lung is clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette as compared well.  No pneumothorax.  Partially visualized lumbar thoracic spinal stenosis posterior surgical hardware is unchanged. Impression: Interval improvement, with interval decrease of the left basal atelectasis.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and well-aerated lungs which are clear. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable.  Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are again noted and unchanged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Very minimal degenerative changes noted along the spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were reviewed.  Lung volumes are low and there is segmental or subsegmental right lower lobe atelectasis at the right base.  Normal heart, mediastinal and pleural surfaces. Impression: Low lung volumes and segmental or subsegmental right lower lobe atelectasis.']
['Findings: Bilateral low lung volumes.  Convexity of the upper right mediastinal contour suggest dilatation or tortuosity of the ascending aorta.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of a pneumonia.  Convexity of the right upper mediastinal contours suggest dilatation or tortuosity of the ascending aorta, uncertain if changed from previous.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Substantially improved left basal predominant opacities.  Left hemidiaphragm elevation is chronic, unchanged.  No new focal airspace opacities.  No pleural abnormality.  Heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal. Impression: Improving left lower lobe pneumonia.', 'Findings: Mild cardiomegaly and tortuous aorta are stable.  Multifocal consolidations in the right upper and left lower lungs have worsened consistent with worsening pneumonia.  There is no pneumothorax.  Small left effusion has increased. Impression: Worsened multifocal pneumonia', 'Findings: Unchanged elevation of the left hemidiaphragm with mildly increased overlying atelectasis and possible trace left pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax identified.  Mildly increased pulmonary vascular congestion.  The size and appearance of the cardiac silhouette is unchanged. Impression: Slight interval increase in the left lower lung zone atelectasis.  New mild pulmonary vascular congestion.', 'Findings: There is a new left lower lobe infiltrate which given history is compatible with pneumonia.  The heart is mildly enlarged.
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  No effusion or pneumothorax.  Aorta is tortuous. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: . ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT INDICATION:    ___F with GI bleeding  // ?free air ?pna  TECHNIQUE:  AP and lateral views of the chest.  COMPARISON:  None.  FINDINGS:   Left base opacity compatible with a layering pleural effusion as well as left lower lobe atelectasis. There is likely also a trace right pleural effusion as well.  There is increased opacity projecting over the right infrahilar region which is not felt to be entirely due to hilar vasculature.  Lungs are otherwise clear.  Cardiac silhouette is top-normal in size for projection.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  No free intraperitoneal air. Impression: Small left pleural effusion with left lower lobe atelectasis. Increased opacity projecting over the inferior right hilum, not definitively normal hilar structures.  Consider nonurgent chest CT for further characterization of these findings.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear and well inflated.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Single portable view of the chest is compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: Unremarkable portable chest x-ray.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___ through ___.  Combination of previous severe left lower lobe atelectasis and large left pleural effusion has improved following insertion of a left basal pigtail pleural drainage catheter.  There is no pneumothorax.  Mild pulmonary edema has improved.  Small to moderate right pleural effusion is stable.  Cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged.  Multiple pulmonary nodules unchanged.  Right subclavian central venous infusion catheter ends in the upper right atrium.', 'Findings: The heart is enlarged, and there is moderate pulmonary edema.  There is a moderate right and small left pleural effusion.  A right Port-A-Cath terminates in the proximal right atrium. Impression: Cardiomegaly, edema and bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Minimal decrease in severity of the pre-existing diffuse and severe parenchymal opacities.  However, the opacities are still massive.  The small bilateral pleural effusions are stable.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.', 'Findings
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is seen.  Heart and mediastinal contours are stable with aortic tortuosity.  Unchanged thoracic vertebral body compression deformities are seen. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Since ___, interval improvement in the right hilar focal opacity is noted.  However, there is still a suggestion of hilar adenopathy. Lungs are clear.  Heart size is top normal.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: 1. Interval improvement in right perihilar opacity since ___, but possible persistent hilar adenopathy.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Recommend following up with chest radiographs until complete resolution or, alternatively, a CT chest can be ordered as definitive baseline study.', 'Findings: There is a focal opacity in the right hilum and a nodule measuring up to 1.5 cm in the right lung, though difficult to localize.Heart size is within normal limits.Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no evidence for pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.post obstructive atelectasis.  2 weeks CT with contrast. Impression: An apparent right hilar mass could be due to be due to unusual collapse of the right middle lobe, but is nevertheless concerning for obstructive adenopathy.  15 mm nodule in the right midlung is concerning for active
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear and well inflated.  There is no focal consolidation to suggest the presence of pneumonia.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No signs of pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.    NOTIFICATION:']
['Findings:  Impression: Small region of heterogeneous opacification in the right lung extending laterally from the upper pole the right hilus could be acute pneumonia. Large hiatus hernia is bigger today than it was in ___ and may contribute to aspiration as well as to increasing left lower lobe atelectasis. Heart is normal size. There is no pleural effusion.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Incidentally noted is an azygos fissure at the right lung apex. The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.No pleural abnormality is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Mild cardiomegaly with enlargement of the left ventricle.  Mild elongation of the descending aorta.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions.  The diameter of the ascending aorta is unremarkable.  No evidence of suspicious lung nodules or masses.']
['Findings: Patient is rotated to the left.  There is apparent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly within normal limits allowing for rotation. Impression: No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.  Elevated right hemidiaphragm.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change in the degree of right pneumothorax. Otherwise, no change in the appearance of the heart and lungs.', 'Findings: The lungs are well inflated. The right apical pneumothorax is not changed. A right chest tube is in place. A left central venous catheter terminates in the SVC. A catheter overlies the epigastrium. The splenic flexure of the colon is moderately prominent. The mediastinum is normal. No pleural effusions identified The heart size is normal.  Hypertrophic changes are seen in the AC joints. Impression: No change in the right apical pneumothorax.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  No evidence of pneumonia.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette. No pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia.  The course of the nasogastric tube, new since the previous exam, is unremarkable. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right pneumothorax has
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is mild increase in interstitial markings, likely reflecting an increase of interstitial lung edema.  Otherwise, no relevant change is seen.  Mild cardiomegaly, tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  The appearance of the bones and the chest wall is constant. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  No significant interval change in the bilateral parenchymal reticular and nodular opacities.  No new airspace consolidation is seen to suggest pneumonia.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are likely stable given differences in patient rotation.  No pneumothorax.  The bones overall appear increased in density which would be consistent with metastatic disease in this patient with known prostate carcinoma.  No large effusions.  No pneumothorax.', "Findings:  Impression: The patient's mandible obscures the apices.  There continues to be bilateral diffuse interstitial abnormality which more likely is a chronic finding given the interval improvement in the appearance of the chest suggesting resolved pulmonary and interstitial edema.  However, an acute atypical pneumonia cannot be entirely excluded. 
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Moderate cardiomegaly with tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and pulmonary edema.  Mild overinflation.  Bilateral lateral subpleural fat accumulations.  No pleural effusion.  No lung nodules or masses.  No pneumonia.  A 3-mm calcified granuloma projecting over the superior margin of the right clavicle is constant in appearance. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  The heart size is mildly enlarged.  The configuration suggests a prominence of the left ventricular contour to the left and posteriorly, but there is also some evidence of left atrial enlargement in the form of a right-sided cardiac double contour and prominence of the heart shadow at the atrial level as seen on the lateral view.  The pulmonary vasculature demonstrates an upper zone re-distribution pattern with relatively distended pulmonary vessels in the upper zone and some beginning increased interstitial structures on the lung bases.  There is very mild blunting of the right lateral pleural sinus and a similar finding is noted on the
['Findings: There is mild bibasilar atelectasis. As on the prior study the left hemidiaphragm is elevated with mild gaseous distension of bowel underneath. There is no convincing evidence of pneumonia. Heart size is normal. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are three healed right upper rib fractures. Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis. Persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. No convincing evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: Low lung volumes cause bronchovascular crowding.  Allowing for this, there is focal increased opacity along the right base with newly indistinct margins of the right hemidiaphragm, which may represent atelectasis or pneumonia, depending upon the clinical setting.  There is no pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Impression: Focal opacity in the right lung base silhouetting the right hemidiaphragm may represent atelectasis or early pneumonia, depending upon the clinical setting.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M
['Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged.  Tortuous mild heavily calcified thoracic aorta.  Hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are without focal airspace consolidation.  Several 3-4 mm nodular opacities in the periphery of the right lower lung are seen.  Comparison to remote studies would be helpful to assess for stability.  .  Pleural surfaces are unremarkable without effusion or pneumothorax.  Degenerative changes of the left glenohumeral joint. Impression: No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia or aspiration.  Prominent atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta.  Several 3-4 mm nodular opacities in the periphery of the right lower lung for which comparison to remote studies would be recommended.  If remote studies are not available, further imaging evaluation with CT may be indicated.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The heart is of normal size with normal cardiomediastinal contours.  The pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable.  Linear opacity in the right mid-lung is compatible with atelectasis.  The lungs are clear without focal or diffuse abnormality.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Osseous structures are unremarkable.  No radiopaque foreign bodies. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Trace right mid lung atelectasis.', 'Findings: AND Impression: Lung volumes are low.  No focal opacity to suggest pneumonia is seen.  No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax is present.  There is bibasilar atelectasis.  The heart size is top normal.  No free air beneath the diaphragm.  Lucency beneath the left hemidiaphragm represent stomach and large bowel gas.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study from ___, the patient has taken a much better inspiration. The heart is normal in size and there is no vascular congestion, pleural
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal in the lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Cortical irregularity involving the right seventh lateral rib may reflect a nondisplaced fracture. Impression: Cortical irregularity involving the right seventh lateral rib may reflect a nondisplaced fracture.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Single portable view of the chest.  Prior right IJ line is no longer visualized.  The lungs are clear of focal consolidation.  Increased opacity projects over the left posterior eighth rib with mild associated contour irregularity suggesting callus formation from prior fracture.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ radiograph, a right pleural catheter is been placed with decrease in size of right pleural effusion with residual moderate multiloculated right pleural effusion remaining as well as a small right apical hydro pneumothorax.  A large right hilar mass is not fully assessed radiographically.  Right bronchial stent remains in place with apparent collapse of right middle lobe and improving atelectasis of the right lower lobe.  No other relevant change.', 'Findings:  Impression: Large right hilar mass.  2 bronchial stents project over the bronchus intermedius, right middle and lower lobe bronchi.  Mild generalized volume loss, right hemi thorax.  No pneumo thorax, no pneumo mediastinum.  Pleural effusions small on the right if any.  50 mm left suprahilar lung nodule.  No edema or pneumonia in the left lung.  Interstitial abnormality perihilar right lung probably lymphovenous congestion.', 'Findings: There has been interval placement of a right-sided chest tube.  There is a persistent moderately large pleural effusion similar to slightly increased
['Findings: A new focal opacity is visualized overlying the left lower lobe.  Otherwise, the right hemithorax is clear.  The lungs are hyperinflated suggesting underlying COPD.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute fractures are identified. Impression: New opacity overlying the left lower lobe is suggestive of a new developing pneumonia in this region.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs since ___ most recently ___, 12:34.  No pneumothorax and minimal if any pleural effusion have developed in the left chest following removal of the pleural drainage catheter.  Moderate left lower lobe atelectasis has worsened.  Atelectasis at the right base is mild and unchanged.  Postoperative enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is mild and unchanged.  Right jugular line ends low in the SVC.', 'Findings:  Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly is stable.  Right IJ catheter tip is in the cavoatrial junction.  There is mild vascular congestion.  Bibasilar atelectasis larger on the left have increased.  Small bilateral effusions have minimally increased.  There is
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is a right anterior chest drain.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Stable chronic bibasilar atelectasis with more focal rounded atelectasis in the right lung base. 2.  Increasing right pleural effusion, now moderate. 3.  No definite new superimposed consolidation. 4.  Right central venous catheter terminating at the cavoatrial junction.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the parenchymal opacities, that pre-existed since ___ and has been previously described, have increased in extent and severity.  In particular, this is evident in the left perihilar regions.  The dynamics and appearance of the changes is suggestive for a combination of pulmonary edema and pneumonia.  The monitoring and support devices are constant.  There is unchanged moderate cardiomegaly.  Blunting of the costophrenic sinuses could be caused by small pleural effusions. Impression: ', 'Findings: A right-sided PICC line terminates at the cavoatrial junction.  The heart is mild to moderately enlarged.  There is a similar opacity in the right lower lung obscuring the right hemidiaphragm.  It is difficult to exclude
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, a pacing device projecting over the heart has been removed.  Mild cardiomegaly.  No overt pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia, no pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of chest.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, pulmonary edema.  Spinal fixation hardware is noted.  Implantable cardiac device is in place. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes, which accentuate the bronchovascular markings.  Mild cardiomegaly is present.  Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are otherwise unremarkable.  No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No focal consolidation is present.  Cervical fixation hardware is noted.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Low lung volumes, which accentuate the bronchovascular markings.  No definite consolidation.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Atherosclerotic calcifications are noted at the aortic arch.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart size is upper limits normal.  Is not NG tube with tip in the stomach.  The ET tube tip is 6.5 cm above the carina.  There is dense consolidation volume loss in the right lower lobe with an effusion tracking into the major fissure there is also increased opacity at the right hilum questionable etiology.  Attention should be paid to this area on followup once the acute symptoms have resolved the left lung is clear Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, there has been placement of a nasogastric tube that extends to the mid stomach.  The side-port appears to be just distal to the esophagogastric junction.  The tube could be pushed forward several cm for more optimal positioning. Little change in the other monitoring and support devices and the heart and lungs.', 'Findings:  Impression: Continued improved aeration of the right lung, still there is collapse in the right lower lobe.  .  Cardiomediastinal contours are midline . There are minimal left lower lobe atelectasis.  There  is mild vascular congestion.  NG tube tip is in the stomach
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  There is a large left upper lobe mass measuring approximately 8.0 x ___.2 x ___.3 cm.  CT correlation is advised.  Underlying emphysema is present.  No large effusion is seen.  The heart size appears normal.  Bony structures appear intact. Impression: Large left upper lobe lung mass for which CT is recommended to further assess.']
['Findings: Single frontal view of the chest demonstrates normal heart size and mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta.  Dense atherosclerotic calcifications are seen in the aortic arch.  The lungs are clear with the exception of a trace subsegmental atelectasis in the left base.  There is no pneumothorax, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: Subsegmental atelectasis in the left base.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. Lungs are hyperextended, reflecting chronic pulmonary disease.   Otherwise, lungs are clear. Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Heart size is normal. Mildly tortuous descending aorta is noted. There are no pleural effusions. Impression: No acute pneumonia or pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  There are subtle open opacities in the mid right lung not definitively identified on lateral radiograph.  Hazy opacities symmetrically obscure the inferolateral heart borders bilaterally.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is top normal. Impression: 1. Probable mid right lung pneumonia. 2. Symmetrically obscured inferolateral heart borders are likely related to a large pericardial fat pad.']
['Findings: There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  Bilateral nipple shadows are identified. Deformities of the right lateral ribs suggestive healed fractures are also noted.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Pulmonary and mediastinal vascular engorgement reflect cardiac decompensation or volume overload.  New right upper quadrant vascular clips reflect interval abdominal surgery, unspecified.  Splenomegaly noted.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  No acute changes, notably no evidence of pneumonia.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax.  No pulmonary edema. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Heart size is normal.  There is slight prominence of the left hilum, possibly reflecting reactive lymph node enlargement.  Left lower lobe opacity is consistent with pneumonia.  Indistinct
['Findings: Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged.  The aorta is slightly tortuous but similar previous study.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vasculature is engorged.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest provided.  There are diffusely increased interstitial markings bilaterally likely related to pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: 1.  Pulmonary vascular congestion.  2.  No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has received a nasogastric tube.  The course of the tube indicates coiling in the stomach, with reversal of the tube tip that currently projects over the fundus.  Increasing right basal parenchymal opacity, as a consequence of a newly developed small right pleural effusion.  The large masslike opacity in the left upper lobe is constant.', 'Findings:  Impression: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable as well as the location of the supporting devices.  Note is made that has has been no interval change in the appearance of the left upper lobe opacity, potentially representing hematoma although finding could of been potentially existing be for this surgery as suggested on the chest radiograph from ___.  No right pleural increase is demonstrated but minimal right apical pneumothorax is present.  It is not clearly seen on the subsequent chest radiograph does potentially could of been father resolved and attention on the subsequent studies is recommended.', 'Findings:  Impression: Since the prior study there has been extubation of the patient, removal of the NG tube, left and right chest tubes.  Heart size and medi
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  Midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are new from prior exam.  There is left basilar atelectasis and small left pleural effusion noted, also new from prior exam.  The heart appears top normal in size.  No convincing signs of pneumonia, though given the retrocardiac atelectasis, a subtle pneumonia is difficult to exclude.  Mediastinal contour appears normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Interval sternotomy with left basal opacity, likely atelectasis, thought cannot exclude an early pneumonia.  Tiny left pleural effusion also present.', 'Findings: Single frontal view of the chest was obtained.  The cardiac silhouette remains mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal contours are stable.  There is slight eventration of the left hemidiaphragm.  No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No significant interval change.', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no mass, consolidation, nodule, effusion, or pneumoth
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes without pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart is mildly enlarged, decreased since prior.  Small rounded densities projecting over right lung base, presumed granulomas, unchanged. Impression: 1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  There is no pulmonary edema. 2.  Mild cardiomegaly, may be slightly decreased in size since ___.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is a massive increase in extent and severity of the known right-sided pneumonia.  The pre-existing opacities coalesces and start to form areas of consolidations.  The monitoring and support devices are constant. Constant appearance of the cardiac silhouette and of the left lung.', 'Findings:  Impression: No change or minimal interval decrease in density of the right lung consolidations is demonstrated. Left basal opacity is slightly more conspicuous than on the prior study but still small. Tubes and lines are in unchanged location.  No interval development of substantial pleural eff
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Compared to the study from the prior day, there is no significant interval change. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Moderate cardiomegaly with moderate fluid overload and retrocardiac atelectasis.  Blunting of the left costophrenic sinus so that the presence of a small left pleural effusion cannot be excluded.  No pneumothorax.  No newly occurred parenchymal opacities.  Unchanged course of the pacemaker leads. Impression: ']
['Findings: Evaluation is limited due to patient rotation. Additionally, the inspiratory lung volumes are decreased with resultant bronchovascular crowding and accentuation of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is opacification of the left lung base greater than the right superimposed on background diffuse interstitial abnormality.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are multiple right-sided rib fractures without significant callus formation, which are indeterminate in age. Impression: 1.  Technically limited study with opacification of the left lung base likely representing pneumonia superimposed on diffuse interstitial lung disease. 2.  Multiple right-sided rib fractures, which are indeterminate in age.  Recommend clinical correlation for tenderness on physical exam.  NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ ___ telephone on ___ at 8:35 AM, 30 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: Pulmonary vascular congestion has increased since ___. No focal opacity concerning for pneumonia is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Prominence of the pulmonary arteries could relate to chronic lung disease or chronic pulmonary emboli. The heart size
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate low lung volumes which result in exaggeration of the cardiomediastinal silhouette and bronchovascular crowding.  Allowing for this, there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable.  No nondisplaced rib fracture is identified. Impression: Low lung volumes with exaggeration of the cardiac silhouette and bronchovascular crowding.  Within these limitations, no acute cardiopulmonary process.The lower lungs are difficult to evaluate given low lung volumes.  If there is continued concern, repeat radiographs with good inspiration should be obtained.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___, a right pigtail pleural catheter remains in place, with apparent decrease in size of right pleural effusion but no visible pneumothorax.  Moderate left pleural effusion is unchanged.  Worsening perihilar opacities may reflect pulmonary edema but followup radiographs may be helpful after diuresis to exclude the possibility of infection.', 'Findings: The Dobbhoff tube is in the proximal stomach and has not been advanced compared to the prior. There continues to be a large left and moderate right pleural effusion with vascular redistribution compatible pulmonary edema. The cardio mediastinal silhouette is unchanged Impression: Dobbhoff tube in proximal stomach.', 'Findings: Single portable view of the chest.  The degree of pulmonary vascular engorgement is unchanged.  The left greater than right pleural effusions are not significantly changed.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Median sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are again seen. Impression: No significant interval change.  Bilateral left greater than right effusions with pulmonary vascular congestion.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. Left chest wall AICD is noted with catheter extending into the region of the right atrium or right ventricle.  Lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: AICD lead extends into the right heart though the tip may be positioned within the right atrium or right ventricle.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  There is increased interstitial markings bilaterally which may represent mild interstitial edema.  More focally there is an opacity which obscuring the left costophrenic angle.  There is mild cardiomegaly.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: 1. Blunting of the left costophrenic angle likely representing a combination of pleural fluid and atelectasis.  In the correct clinical setting a superimposed infection is difficult to exclude. 2. Mild interstitial edema.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  Lower lung volumes are seen on current frontal exam.  Mild bilateral effusions are again noted with probable adjacent atelectasis.  There is no pneumothorax.   Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Posterior right seventh rib fracture and right lateral ninth rib fracture are again seen.  Osseous structures are otherwise unremarkable. Impression: Mild persistent bilateral pleural effusions and right rib fractures, without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Signs of mild fluid overload have decreased in severity.  Better seen than on the frontal radiograph, the lateral radiograph shows a moderate left and a small right pleural effusion.  Areas of subsequent atelectasis are visualized at both the left and the right lung bases.  Moderate cardiomegaly persists.  No pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study ___, there is again enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with relatively mild vascular congestion.  There is some increased opacification at the left base consistent with pleural fluid and compressive at
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal. Mediastinal contours are unremarkable. There is suggestion of a hiatal hernia. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is minimal basilar atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable.  Previously seen right-sided rib fractures are not as well appreciated on the current study.  If clinical concern for acute rib fracture persists, suggest dedicated rib series, which is more sensitive. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2.  Previously seen right-sided rib fractures are better appreciated on the prior study; if clinical concern for acute rib fracture persists, suggest dedicated rib series, which is more sensitive.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there has been complete clearing of the left basilar pneumonia.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease at this time. Impression: ', 'Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged.  The aorta remains tortuous.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Apart from mild bibasilar atelectasis, lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Mild scoliosis.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette with tortuosity of the descending aorta.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  Status post partial bilateral shoulder replacement.', 'Findings: The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. An area of increased opacity is seen in the right lung base and could correspond to a vague density projecting anterior to the heart in the lateral view. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Vague opacity in the right middle lobe, seen best in the frontal view, could reflect pneumonia. Additional oblique views at full inspiration are recommended for further evaluation.  NOTIFICATION:  Discussed with Dr. ___ by ___ on ___ at 12:15 PM, five minutes after discovery.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta is noted.  Bilateral shoulder arthroplasties is again seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Supine AP
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia, no pleural effusions. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.']
['Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is demonstrated.  Minimal streaky opacities in the lung bases likely reflect atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Minimal atelectasis in the lung bases.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  The lungs are clear bilaterally.  A focal eventration of the right hemidiaphragm is again noted.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinal contours are normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.', 'Findings: Both lungs are clear.  No opacities concerning for pneumonia or pulmonary edema or atelectasis.  Moderate enlarged heart size has been stable since ___.  Bilateral pleural spaces are normal. Impression: No pneumonia or other acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged.  The mediastinal hilar contours are within normal limits.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Faint patchy opacity is noted within the right upper lung field, which could reflect an area of developing infection.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: Faint patchy right upper lung field opacity which could reflect an area of developing infection.']
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are hyperinflated.  There is diffuse interstitial abnormality noted with relative areas of lucency superiorly and fibrotic changes in the mid lungs bilaterally.  Bilateral calcified granulomas are also identified.  Increased interstitial markings are seen at the bases.  There is no confluent consolidation nor effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Atherosclerotic calcifications are noted at the aortic arch.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: Findings are suggestive of COPD and previous granulomatous disease.  No definite confluent consolidation although given increased interstitial opacities with lack of prior for comparison to document stability, acute process would be difficult to completely exclude.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  Lungs are grossly clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No definite pneumonia seen.', 'Findings: The lungs are mildly hyperinflated. In the right infrahilar region, there is heterogeneous airspace opacity which may represent developing infection or sequela of aspiration. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Heterogeneous right infrahilar opacity may represent developing pneumonia or aspiration.  Correlate with clinical signs and symptoms.']
['Findings: Single portable view of the chest is compared to previous exam from ___.  Given differences in positioning and technique, there has been no significant interval change.  There is no large confluent consolidation or effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged as are the osseous and soft tissue structures. Impression: No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: New right IJ central catheter terminates at the superior cavoatrial junction or the superior right atrium.  The heart is of normal size with normal cardiomediastinal contours. The lungs are clear without focal or diffuse abnormality.  Previously seen bibasilar atelectasis has improved.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: New right IJ catheter terminates at the superior cavoatrial junction / right atrium.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. There is no overt pulmonary although very minimal interstitial edema may be present.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression:
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Small right apical pneumothorax has decreased, basal and pleural drains in place, one folded at the base, one directed toward the upper hemithorax.  Subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest wall following the thoracostomies has increased, and moderate right pleural effusion initially decreased has stabilized.  Small left pleural effusion also decreased since ___ is unchanged since earlier on ___.  Heart size is normal.  Mild generalized interstitial pulmonary abnormality is unchanged since ___.  Mild-to-moderate atelectasis at both lung bases probably reflects pleural effusion.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pleural effusions have bilaterally, minimally increased.  Otherwise, no change is seen.  The small pneumothorax on the right persists.  The two right chest tubes are constant in position.  No evidence of tension.  Bilateral minimal areas of atelectasis are slightly increasing in extent. Impression: ', 'Findings: Since ___, there is decrease in size of the left and a stable right pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The right acromioclavicular joint is partially imaged but there may be slight elevation of the distal right clavicle in relation to the acromion; recommend clinical correlation and consider dedicated imaging of this region as warranted. Impression: 1.  Clear lungs. 2.  Right acromioclavicular joint partially imaged; however, the distal right clavicle may be slightly elevated in relation to the acromion; recommend clinical correlation for discomfort at this site and consider dedicated imaging of this location as clinically warranted.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  No acute displaced rib fractures are identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: could be due to worsening edema.  There is also a possibility that the end of positive pressure ventilator support contributed to cardiac decompensation.  Large areas of consolidation, more discrete than others, raise possibility of concurrent pneumonia, particularly in the right mid lung which was essentially clear earlier on ___. Impression: Since ___ at 4:01 a.m. following removal of the endotracheal tube, a severe multifocal infiltrative pulmonary abnormality has worsened in all regions.  Heart size is larger and moderate left pleural effusion has increased as well suggesting all findings could be due to worsening edema.  There is also a possibility that the end of positive pressure ventilator support contributed to cardiac decompensation.  Large areas of consolidation, more discrete than others, raise possibility of concurrent pneumonia, particularly in the right mid lung which was essentially clear earlier on ___.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there may be slight improvement in the diffuse and severe pulmonary edema.  In the appropriate clinical setting, supervening pneumonia would have to be considered.  Central catheter remains in place. Impression: ', 'Findings: PICC line ends at the distal SVC. Small bilateral
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or old tuberculous disease.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: were discussed by telephone with Dr. ___ at 11:10 a.m.  Right lung is clear.  There is no pleural abnormality, hilar and cardiomediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  A pacer device in the left anterior chest wall sends a filamentous lead to the left lower neck. Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Two frontal and two lateral views were performed.  Both frontal views suggest left lower lobe pneumonia, corroborated on just one of the lateral views, taken at lower lung volumes.  I think the finding should be considered in either recent aspiration or pneumonia, unless excluded clinically.  Findings were discussed by telephone with Dr. ___ at 11:10 a.m.  Right lung is clear.  There is no pleural abnormality, hilar and cardiomediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  A pacer device in the left anterior chest wall sends a filamentous lead to the left lower neck.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Compared to approximately 1 week prior, lung volumes are substantially reduced.  Left greater than right bibasilar atelectasis is now present.  No pleural abnormality.  Low lung volumes exaggerate top-normal heart size.  No pulmonary edema.  There is new mediastinal widening with rightward tracheal deviation and silhouetting of the superior aortic arch. Impression: Findings raise the possibility of intraoperative vascular injury causing mediastinal hematoma.  Depending on level of clinical suspicion, CTA could be considered for further evaluation.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___ ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 2:48 PM, less than 30 minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Prominent convexity of the AP window remains unchanged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  No pleural effusions.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pulmonary edema.  No hilar or mediastinal adenopathy. Impression: ']
['Findings: Two PA and one lateral view of the chest were reviewed.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Lungs are well expanded and clear. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Lower inspiratory effort seen on the current exam.  Linear retrocardiac opacity is seen likely atelectasis as it is not seen on the lateral view.  Elsewhere, the lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There is left basilar atelectasis but the lungs are otherwise clear of focal opacities, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.  Degenerative changes are seen within the imaged spine. Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were provided.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Radiopaque densities projecting lateral to the mid cervical spine on the right are likely vascular calcifcations. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Tiny nodular foci projecting over the right mid lung over the right sixth and seventh posterior ribs likely represent calcified granulomas. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged.  Lung volumes are low.  There is pulmonary vascular redistribution and hazy alveolar infiltrate.  Despite the low lung volumes, the appearance of the lungs is clearly worsened than on the study from the prior day.  There is no definite effusion. Impression: Likely pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: There is a metallic density projecting over the right mid lung.  Dense left base consolidation is noted.  There is a probable left pleural effusion vs pleural-based thickening.  Elsewhere, the lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: Left basilar consolidation compatible witpneumonia in the proper clinical setting.  Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Lung volumes are low.  Atelectasis is present at the bases.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Impression: Low lung volumes.  Otherwise, no acute process.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Lungs appear grossly clear.  No evidence of pulmonary edema, pleural effusions, focal airspace consolidation or pneumothorax.  Overall, cardiac and mediastinal contours are likely stable given patient rotation.  No acute bony abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the lungs are well expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  There is no evidence of overt pulmonary edema, pneumothorax or focal consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Cardiac size is top normal, but otherwise the cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  An old fracture of the lateral aspect of the second right rib is present.
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there has been complete resolution of the previously described left mid zone pneumonia.  No acute abnormality at this time. Impression: ', 'Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Slight rightward convex curvature is again centered along the lower thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: . Impression: Left upper lobe opacity consistent with pneumonia.  Recommend follow-up radiograph after treatment and resolution of symptoms to confirm resolution of the radiographic findings.']
['Findings: Heart size is borderline enlarged.  Mediastinal hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Linear opacity in the left upper lobe is compatible with subsegmental atelectasis.  Right lung is clear.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Mild degenerative changes are present in the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes are slightly lower.  No pulmonary nodules, no masses, no pneumonia, no atelectasis, no pulmonary edema.  Moderate scoliosis of the thoracic spine, causing mild asymmetry of the rib cage.  No pleural effusions.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette with mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the endotracheal tube has been removed.  The right subclavian catheter again extends to the lower portion of the SVC.  Cardiac silhouette remains at the upper limits of normal in size or enlarged.  Diffuse bilateral opacifications continued to progressively decrease, especially on the right.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices remain in place.  The cardiac silhouette is now within upper limits of normal in size.  Diffuse bilateral pulmonary opacification is processed though appears slightly less prominent, consistent with the clinical diagnosis of pulmonary edema. However, there is a more focal area of opacification adjacent to the left heart border which, in the appropriate clinical setting, could well represent lingular pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: An endotracheal tube terminating 4.0 cm above the carina, left subclavian central venous catheter terminating at the upper SVC, and orogastric tube extending to at least the level of the stomach are unchanged in position.  Again seen are is several bilateral central pulmonary vascular congestion and pulmonary edema,
['Findings: Clear lungs bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size, mediastinal contour and hila are normal.  No bony abnormality. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.  No pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Heart size is normal.  Left perihilar opacity obscures the upper left heart border.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Left perihilar opacity is consistent with pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.    Findings were communicated via phone call by Dr. ___ to Dr. ___ ___ on ___ at 13:32 PM.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Subtle left perihilar opacity similar as compared to the prior study although unclear whether artifactual or a true consolidation.  No new consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No significant interval change.  Mild left perihilar opacity may be artifactual; however, in the appropriate clinical setting, a subtle pneumonia is not entirely excluded.
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.  The size of the cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. Impression: No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: New right upper lobe opacity with associated volume loss causing ipsilateral tracheal deviation.  Otherwise, bilateral fibrotic changes appear essentially unchanged since ___. Multiple perihilar granulomas are again noted.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal hilar silhouettes are unchanged. Impression: Right upper lobe opacity with apparent associated volume loss is suspicious for parenchymal lesion, though shadows from overlapping structures is possible.  Recommend apical-lordotic radiographs for further evaluation.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Right upper lobe opacity with apparent associated volume loss is suspicious for parenchymal lesion, though shadows from overlapping structures is possible. Recommend apical-lordotic radiographs for further evaluation.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 4:23 PM, approximately 45 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph performed around a year ago, there is no change in extent, distribution and severity of the pre-existing changes.  Most importantly, there
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouettes are normal. There is a tortuous and calcified thoracic aorta. The bilateral hila are unremarkable. Patchy opacities at the lung bases likely reflect atelectasis.  Additionally, an ill-defined opacity within the left lower lung appears new since ___, and may reflect superimposition of overlying structures. Otherwise, there is no focal lung consolidation. There is no pulmonary vascular congestion. There is biapical pleuroparenchymal scarring. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Impression: Ill-defined opacity within the left lower lung, new since ___, possibly reflecting super imposition of overlying structures. Recommend non-urgent upright PA and lateral chest x-ray.']
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is no change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Specifically, no evidence of pneumonia or interstitial prominence to suggest Methotrexate toxicity. Impression: ']
['Findings: There is mild to moderate enlargement of cardiac silhouette, unchanged.  The aorta demonstrates calcified atherosclerotic disease and remains tortuous.  There is mild upper zone vascular redistribution, similar to the previous study compatible with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  No focal consolidation or pneumothorax is visualized.  Blunting of the costophrenic angles posteriorly on the lateral view is possibly reflective of trace bilateral pleural effusions.  Multilevel degenerative changes are seen in the thoracic spine. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion with possible trace bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is again seen.  There is no focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The aorta is calcified.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  No definite focal consolidation.', 'Findings: Compared with prior radiographs on ___, there is a new retrocardiac opacity.  Cardiomegaly is slightly increased from prior.  There is vascular congestion, similar to prior, with no overt pulmonary edema.  There are trace pleural effusions
['Findings: Mild-to-moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged.  Vascular congestion and pulmonary edema has mildly increased.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions.  Increased left basilar opacity is most consistent with atelectasis.  No pneumothorax.  Median sternotomy wires are intact. Impression: Moderate pulmonary edema, increased from prior with moderate bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings: Status post median sternotomy.  There is mild cardiomegaly.  There are bibasilar lower lobe opacities, new since prior, may represent atelectasis or developing infectious process.  There is mild central vascular engorgement which may reflect mild pulmonary edema. Impression: 1. Mild pulmonary edema. 2. Bibasilar slightly more dense opacities, may represent either atelectasis or developing infectious process.', 'Findings: There is stable mild cardiomegaly.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are mildly enlarged with engorgement of the pulmonary vasculature and increased reticular opacities, right worse than left.  There are likely small bilateral pleural effusions. Impression: Mild to moderate pulmonary edema with
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: were made ___ min prior to that                                                                        ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)  INDICATION:  ___ year old woman with c diff colitis  // r/o pulmonary edema or interval change  TECHNIQUE:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)  COMPARISON:  ___ Impression: Right mediastinal shift is unchanged, most likely related to prior right lobectomy. There is interval development of right lower lobe aunts left perihilar and lower lobe opacities that might potentially reflect gradual development of pulmonary edema. Infectious process is another possibility. There is most likely present small amount of ple
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   There is a tiny left pleural effusion with no convincing evidence for pneumonia. No edema or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: Tiny left pleural effusion.  No convincing evidence for pneumonia.', 'Findings: Compared with prior radiographs on ___, previously seen small left pleural effusion has resolved.The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Interval resolution of small left pleural effusion.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has received a nasogastric tube.  The course of the tube appears unremarkable.  The tip of the tube, however, can only be followed down to the lower third of the esophagus and is not seen beyond this anatomic location.  Abdominal views are recommended to determine the exact location of the tube tip.  Low lung volumes.  No pneumothorax.  Mild crowding of vascular structures at the lung bases.  Mild cardiomegaly. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to a prior study, the nasogastric tube has been removed.  A new right PICC line.  The course of the line is unremarkable, the tip of the line projects over the upper-to-mid SVC.  There is no evidence of complications, notably no pneumothorax.  Mild fluid overload and moderate cardiomegaly persist.  Retrocardiac atelectasis.  No larger pleural effusions. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Given low lung volumes, as well as soft tissue attenuation in the right lower hemithorax
['Findings: Since the recent prior study, there has been no significant change. Left basilar atelectasis remains.  Opacification of the renal collecting systems is noted. Impression: Since the recent prior study, there has been no significant change.  Left basilar atelectasis remains.  Opacification of the renal collecting systems is noted.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs are well-expanded and clear without focal consolidation. Linear atelectasis is noted at the left lung base. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiac size is normal.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Residual contrast is seen in bowel loops in the upper abdomen Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: In comparison of the chest radiograph obtained 1 day prior, there is interval improvement in the left basilar atelectasis.  Lung volumes otherwise remain low bilaterally.  On volumes exaggerate apparent pulmonary edema.  There is at least unchanged moderate cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion.  A left-sided chest tube is present, with the side port that projects over the chest wall.  A right-sided PICC terminates near the superior cavoatrial junction.  An ET tube terminates 4.3 cm above the carina. Impression: Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion.', 'Findings: There has been interval removal of the left-sided chest strain.  No pneumothorax seen.  There is a moderate left pleural effusion with left basilar atelectasis.  This is similar to slightly decreased in size when compared to the prior study.  A right-sided PICC terminates in the mid to distal SVC.  Prominence of pulmonary vasculature with patchy airspace opacities is consistent with a mild pulmonary edema. Impression: No pneumothorax seen.', 'Findings:  Impression
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, platelike atelectasis at both the left and the right lung bases have developed. Otherwise the radiograph is unchanged. With mild cardiomegaly but no overt pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions. The position of the feeding tube and of the endotracheal tube is constant.  The tip of the ND tracheal tube continues to project approximately 3 cm above the carina.', 'Findings: were discussed ___ min later over the telephone. Minimal retrocardiac atelectasis. Moderate cardiomegaly at rather low lung volumes.  No pulmonary edema. Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has been extubated and the nasogastric tube was removed. At the bases of the right lung, there is a new parenchymal opacity, better seen on the lateral than on the frontal radiograph, accompanied by a small right pleural effusion. In the appropriate clinical setting this opacity is likely to reflect pneumonia.  At the time of dictation and observation, 11:01, on ___, the referring physician ___. ___ was paged for notification and the findings were discussed ___
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.']
['Findings: The heart is probably borderline in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable within the limitations of technique.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: Comparison is made to radiograph performed 1 day prior, ___.  AP and lateral chest radiograph demonstrate clear lungs bilaterally.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  Visualized osseous structures are without an acute abnormality. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: A feeding tube is noted with its tip below the diaphragm projecting over the proximal stomach.  There are median sternotomy wires.  Minimal atelectasis in the left lung base.  No focal consolidations.  The right costophrenic angle is not included on this field of view.  No pneumothorax.   This preliminary report was reviewed with Dr. ___, ___ radiologist. Impression: ']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Asymmetrically increased density overlying the right medial clavicle, could represent a lung or bony abnormality, for which apical lordotic views are recommended. No pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Interal resolution of previously seen pneumoperitoneum. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  There is free air below the right hemidiaphragm as well as the left hemidiaphragm.  There is an opacity in the right upper lobe, obscuring the right mediastinal border concerning for a mass or possibly pneumonia.  Otherwise, the lungs are clear.  No effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: 1.  Free air below the diaphragm.  ?? recent surgery.  A CT may be obtained to further assess if there is no recent abdominal surgery. 2.  Right upper lobe opacity concerning for mass or pneumonia.  F/u to resolution or CT recommended to further assess.']
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are low. Signs of mild fluid overload and atelectasis at both the left and the right lung bases.  No evidence of pneumothorax or pneumoperitoneum. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low with adjacent bibasilar atelectasis, accentuating the cardiac silhouette and vasculature. Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. There is no dense consolidation to suggest pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no interstitial edema.  Surgical clips project over the left axilla. Impression: Low lung volumes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Pulmonary edema has resolved since yesterday.  Moderate cardiomegaly persists, with significant left atrial enlargement.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no focal lung consolidation.  Compared to prior examination, mild to moderate interstitial edema has resolve. Impression: Resolution of interstitial edema.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The cardiac silhouette is enlarged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  No pleural effusion is seen.  There is no focal consolidation.  There is minimal prominence of the interstitial markings, grossly stable compared to the prior study.  There is sclerosis of a vertebral body at the thoracolumbar junction with prior vertebroplasty/kyphoplasty. Impression: Enlarged cardiac silhouette without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Allowing for differences in technique, I doubt significant interval change.  Again seen is cardiomegaly, with upper zone redistribution, but no overt CHF.  Minimal bibasilar atelectasis, without frank consolidation.  Possible minimal blunting of the
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is seen.  The heart size is normal.  Mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Aortic knob is calcified peer Impression: Persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Surgical clip projects over the anterior lower neck and nipple rings are identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Pacemaker leads have been inserted terminating in the expected location of right atrium and right ventricle.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Coronary stents are noted.  Lungs are essentially clear with no pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Frontal view of the chest was obtained.  The heart is of top normal size.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No radiopaque foreign body. Impression: Top normal heart size.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no change in the appearance of the dual-lead pacer device from a left pectoral approach with leads extending to the right atrium and right ventricle.  No evidence of pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.']
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images.  The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is mild tortuosity of the aorta.  No acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right PICC line has been removed.  The size of the cardiac silhouette is normal.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours.  There is no evidence of pneumonia or other acute or chronic lung disease.  No pleural effusions.  No evidence of lymphadenopathy. Impression: ', 'Findings: Right PICC terminates at the SVC/right atrial junction. Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities are present. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: A single AP radiograph of the chest was acquired.  The endotracheal tube is low lying, ending 1.2 cm above the level of the carina.  An enteric catheter courses below the level of the diaphragm and out of the field of view inferiorly.  Lung volumes are low, causing exaggeration of the heart size and accentuation of the pulmonary vasculature.  There is mild-to-moderate left retro
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The bony structures are intact.  There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Interval appearance of bibasilar airspace consolidations, right greater than left which are concerning for pneumonia or aspiration.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax.  The heart is upper limits of normal in size given portable technique.  Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. No acute bony abnormality.', 'Findings: There is an ill-defined opacity visualized within the left lower lobe, concerning for consolidation in the setting of cough.  No pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is seen.  There is stable mild cardiomegaly.  The mediastinal contours are normal.  A stable wedge-shaped compression fracture is noted within the mid thoracic spine, along with associated diffuse osteopenia. Impression: 1. Focal consolidation in the left lower lobe.  2. Stable wedge-shaped compression fracture in the mid T-spine, with associated diffuse osteopenia.  Findings were conveyed by Dr. ___ to Dr. ___ ___ telephone at 2:56pm on ___, at the time of discovery.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There are slightly low lung volumes.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable, as are the hilar contours. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Lung volumes remain markedly diminished with crowding of the vasculature.  No evidence of pulmonary edema, focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia, pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The endotracheal tube continues to lie above the carina and close to the orifice of the right main stem bronchus.  Housestaff have been previously notified of the need for repositioning.  Left subclavian central line has its tip in the distal SVC.  There is a nasogastric tube coursing below the diaphragm with the tip identified.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Tip of endotracheal tube terminates within 1.5 cm above the carina and is directed towards the origin of the right main bronchus, as communicated by phone to Dr. ___ at 9:10 a.m. on ___ at the time of discovery.  Other indwelling devices are unchanged in position.  Lung volumes remain low, and cardiomediastinal contours are stable allowing for this factor.  Nonspecific bib
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: A portable upright radiograph of the chest was provided.  There is a moderate right and small left pleural effusion.  Pulmonary vascular redistribution is noted.  There is bibasilar atelectasis.  Mild cardiomegaly is present.  There is no pneumothorax.  No rib fracture is seen. Impression: Moderate right and small left pleural effusions with pulmonary vascular redistribution consistent with decompensated congestive heart failure.  Underlying pneumonia cannot be excluded.  No rib fracture is seen, although the technique is quite limited.  If there is further clinical concern, please obtain dedicated a rib series.']
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated with bibasilar atelectasis.  Subtle heterogeneous left lower lobe opacity noted.  There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size, mediastinal contour, and hila are unremarkable.  Aortic arch calcifications are noted.  Limited assessment of the osseous structures demonstrates bilateral humeral head replacement. Impression: 1. Subtle left lower lobe opacity is worrisome for pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  2. Elevation of left hemidiaphragm with left lower lobe atelectasis.', 'Findings: The right costophrenic angle is not fully included on the image. The left costophrenic angle is slightly blunted which may be due to a very trace pleural effusion is not excluded. Mild basilar atelectasis is seen without focal consolidation. Mild biapical pleural thickening is noted.Prominent mitral anulus calcification is seen. There is no pneumothorax. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. The cardiac silhouette is it is not enlarged. Partially imaged bilateral humeral prost
['Findings: The heart is again mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  There has been no significant change. Impression: Unchanged mild cardiomegaly.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: paged to Dr. ___.   ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT HISTORY:  ___-year-old male status post abdominal aortic aneurysm repair, now status post Dobbhoff tube placement.  COMPARISON:  Chest radiographs dating back to ___, most recent from ___.  PORTABLE SUPINE CHEST RADIOGRAPH:  A Dobbhoff catheter courses below the diaphragm, crosses midline, and terminates in the region of the gastroduodenal junction.  There is increased opacity within the left lung base, which likely reflects increasing pleural fluid.  There is increased pulmonary vascular congestion as compared to most recent prior examination, though no overt interstitial edema.  Mediastinal and hilar contours appear similar to prior.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Dobbhoff catheter at the gastroduodenal junction. 2.  Probable mild increase in moderate left pleural effusion
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are normal. The patient has received a right pectoral Port-A-Cath. The intra vascular parts of the device is in constant an correct position.  The tip projects over the mid SVC.  No pneumothorax.  No other complication. Minimal tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No evidence of metastatic lung disease.']
['Findings: Bedside upright AP radiograph of the chest demonstrates a stable right-sided pleural effusion and interval increased moderate-sized left-sided pleural effusion when compared to the prior studies from ___.  Bilateral lower lobe atelectasis, unchanged.  There is no pneumothorax.  Stable widening of the mediastinum and cardiac silhouette is unchanged.  Intact sternotomy cerclage wires are once again seen. Impression: 1.  The moderate left pleural effusion is larger.  The small right effusion is unchanged. 2.  Stable bilateral lower lobe atelectasis.  If the patient has infectious symptoms, pneumonia at the lung bases cannot be fully excluded.', 'Findings: A left chest tube remains in place superimposed on the left lower lung.  Bibasilar opacity remains, with increased veil-like opacity over the right lower lung, likely reflecting worsening effusion.  The cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged, mediastinal widening is improving over time.  The pulmonary vasculature, however, is normal.  An endotracheal tube, NG tube, two mediastinal drains, right IJ sheath, Swan-Ganz catheter with its tip
['Findings: No focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  There appear to be chronic rib deformities at the anterior lateral right upper chest. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is right apical opacity, some of which has a spiculated margin. Given superior retraction of the hilum on the right this could be due to scarring although underlying lesion would also be possible. Elsewhere, the lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Right upper lung opacity potentially due to scarring however given lack of priors to document stability, chest CT is suggested for further evaluation on a nonurgent basis to evaluate for underlying mass.']
['Findings: A single portable frontal chest radiograph was obtained.  Lung volumes are low.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The mediastinum is newly widened and the trachea is deviated rightward since the pre-procedural radiograph.  Cardiomegaly is mild. Impression: Rightward tracheal deviation and new mediastinal widening concerning for mediastinal hematoma after recent intervention.  No pneumothorax.  Chest CT with contrast may be considered for further evaluation.    This urgent finding was communicated with Dr ___ ___ phone, immediately after discovery on ___ ___.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Course of the left subclavian infusion port has not changed appreciably, ending at the junction of the azygos vein and SVC.  No obvious kinks or disruptions.  Lung volumes remain low, but clear and there is no appreciable pleural effusion.  Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes.']
['Findings: Since earlier same day chest radiograph, moderate predominantly perihilar opacities are unchanged.  Lung volumes are low.  The tip of an endotracheal tube is seen 3.8 cm above the carina.  A right PICC line terminates in the lower SVC.  Heart size is unchanged.  No pneumothorax. Impression: No pneumothorax.  Otherwise, no interval change.', 'Findings: Since earlier same-day chest radiograph, mild right perihilar opacity is new, possibly from aspiration.  Mild bibasilar and retrocardiac atelectasis is slightly improved. The heart size is unchanged.  The tip of a right internal jugular venous central line is in the low SVC.  No pneumothorax. Impression: 1. Mild right perihilar opacity is new since earlier same-day chest radiograph, possibly aspiration.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with RN ___ on the telephoneon ___ at 11:31 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: Since earlier same day chest radiograph, moderate bilateral predominantly perihilar opacities are
['Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  No focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia are identified.  Note is made of mild bibasilar atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Compression deformities of the mid thoracic spine are of indeterminate chronicity. Impression: 1.  No focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia are identified.  2. Compression deformities of the mid thoracic spine are of indeterminate chronicity. Please correlate clinically, or with prior exams.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices have been removed.  Following left chest tube removal, there is no evidence of pneumothorax. Elevation of the left hemidiaphragmatic contour is consistent with pleural fluid and volume loss in the left lower lobe.  The right lung appears clear and there is no evidence of vascular congestion.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little overall change.  Continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm but no evidence of acute pneumonia or
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  There is a 2.1 x 1.1 cm opacity projecting over the right midlung.  Lungs are elsewhere clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: 2.1 x 1.1 cm opacity projecting over the right midlung.  Recommend further assessment with chest CT.  Dr. ___ aware.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  All monitoring and support devices, with the exception of the right internal jugular vein catheter, have been removed.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  Stable alignment of the sternal wires.  No pneumonia or pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the right IJ catheter has been removed.  Little change in the appearance of the heart and lungs.  There are small pleural effusions bilaterally, more prominent on the right, with underlying compressive atelectasis.  No vascular congestion or acute focal pneumonia.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  No displaced fracture is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  If clinical concern for rib fracture, consider dedicated rib series.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Cardiomegaly is again noted with mild pulmonary edema.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions which appear similar to prior study.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Cardiomegaly, mild pulmonary edema.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings: The lungs are well inflated.  Slightly increased interstitial marking are seen but there is no confluent consolidation.  There is a moderate cardiomegaly with a mildly prominent azygos vein. There is a small right sided pleural effusion. There is a tortuous aorta, but the mediastinal contour is unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax.  Degenerative changes are noted about the right AC joint. Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly, small right pleural effusion with a prominent azygos vein and increased interstitial markings suggest mild failure.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little overall change.  Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with mild-to-moderate pulmonary ed
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Hemidiaphragms are flattened, suggesting hyperinflation. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There are no acute skeletal abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: A single frontal chest radiograph was obtained.  Lungs are  clear.  No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax is present.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  The lung apices are excluded from the field of view.  A nasogastric tube projects over the stomach.  A left-sided nephroureteral stent is again seen. Impression: NG tube in the stomach.', 'Findings: There has been interval placement of a NG tube with tip projecting over the gastric fundus.  The cardio mediastinal silhouette is normal in unchanged in appearance compared to prior radiograph.  The bilateral hila are normal.  There are no focal lung consolidations. There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  There are no pneumothoraces or effusions. Impression: Interval placement of NG tube with distal
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Normal chest radiographs.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  Subtle opacity is noted at the left lung base which may represent atelectasis versus early pneumonia.  Posterior costophrenic angles are sharp.  Elsewhere, the lungs are clear noting minimal biapical scarring.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: Left base atelectasis or early pneumonia.']
['Findings: The heart size remains moderately enlarged.  Mild aortic knob calcifications are demonstrated.  No overt pulmonary edema is present.  There are bilateral pleural effusions, moderate to large on the right and moderate on the left with bibasilar airspace opacities compatible with compressive atelectasis.  No pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Calcified lymph nodes are noted in the left axilla. Impression: Bilateral pleural effusions, moderate to large on the right and moderate on the left with bibasilar compressive atelectasis.', 'Findings: The previously questioned air-fluid level adjacent to the trachea is not present on this view, and may have been artifactual. Posterior indentation of the tracheal air column could be due to thyroid enlargement.  Moderate cardiomegaly is stable.  A right-sided PICC line ends in the upper SVC is noted.  The lungs are clear, and there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The vascular pattern suggests emphysema.  Dystrophic calcifications in the left axilla are chronic
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal opacity, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Opacity silhouetting the left heart border represents an epicardial fat pad. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  There is no free air beneath the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation or pulmonary edema is seen. Cardiac silhouette is top normal.  Aortic knob is calcified.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear of consolidation, effusion, or pulmonary vascular congestion.  Cardiac silhouette is top normal in size.  Atherosclerotic calcifications seen at the aortic arch.  Mild hypertrophic changes are seen in the spine without acute osseous abnormality. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhou
['Findings: Lungs are well inflated and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no change in appearance and position of the Dobbhoff catheter.  Unchanged bilateral moderate pleural effusions with subsequent areas of atelectasis and signs of moderate pulmonary edema.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly.  No new parenchymal opacity suggesting pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: Semi-portable chest radiograph is provided.  A right PICC terminates at the cavoatrial junction.  Compared to the prior exam, there has been progression of pulmonary edema, now worse at the lung apices.  Moderate bilateral pleural effusions are constant.  The heart remains enlarged, although definite borders are difficult to ascertain.  Apparent leftward displacement of aortic knob calcifications is likely due to patient rotation as the aorta now projects over the spine. Clips are noted at the left upper quadrant. Impression: Progression of pulmonary edema since prior exam.  Stable layering moderate bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings: .  Right PIC line ends low in the SVC. Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Moderate bilateral pleural effusions,
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged.  The aorta is tortuous.  The aortic arch is heavily calcified.  There is a convex contour to the right upper mediastinum, fairly typical for mediastinal contour frequently seen with tortuosity of the great vessels, but are not specific.  Other etiologies including lymphadenopathy or a large thyroid nodule could be considered.  A band-like opacity in the lingula suggests minor atelectasis or scarring.  There is also streaky posterior left basilar opacity which suggests minor atelectasis or scarring.  There is more generally a mild interstitial abnormality suggesting slight vascular congestion, including peribronchial cuffing, although possibly airway inflammation could yield a similar appearance.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The bones appear demineralized.  Mild degenerative changes are noted along the mid thoracic spine, which also demonstrates mild rightward convex curvature centered along the lower thoracic spine. Impression: 1.  Mild interstitial abnormality which could be seen with mild vascular congestion, although other etiologies such as airway inflammation could be considered
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen.  A mild cardiomegaly with elongation of the descending aorta.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia, no pleural effusions.  No lung nodules or masses.']
['Findings: Single AP upright portable view of the chest was obtained.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Skin folds are noted overlying the left upper hemithorax.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are well-expanded.  No focal consolidation, effusion, edema, or pneumothorax.  The heart remains top-normal in size.  The thoracic aorta is tortuous, also unchanged.  Mild rightward curvature of the thoracic spine is unchanged.  Degenerative changes in the visualized thoracic spine are mild. Impression: No pneumonia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  A faint linear density is noted in the left lower lung likely scarring or atelectasis.  Otherwise lungs are clear.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings.', 'Findings: There is a new opacity in the right upper lobe with air bronchograms.  Remainder the lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: New right upper lobe consolidation concerning for lobar pneumonia.', 'Findings: Previously seen right upper lung consolidation has resolved.  The lungs are now clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified.  Round radiopaque foreign body projects over the upper abdomen on the lateral view, better seen on concurrent lumbar spine films. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: No previous images.  The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged, though there is no evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.  Specifically, there is no evidence of enlargement of central pulmonary arteries that would be a radiographic sign for pulmonary artery hypertension. Impression: ']
['Findings: Heart is mildly enlarged. The contour of the right hilus is unchanged from the prior study. Lungs are clear. Vascular congestion is improved.  There is no evidence of focal consolidation. No pneumothorax. Impression: 1. Improved vascular congestion. 2. No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have decreased. Moderate cardiomegaly and diffuse bilateral increases in vascular diameters as well as in visualization of the interstitial structures. Overall, the patient presents with moderate interstitial lung edema.  No larger pleural effusions. Signs of volume loss in the middle lobe.  No pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Patchy opacities at both bases, slightly worse compared with ___, and possible small left effusion.  The possibility of an associated pneumonic infiltrate cannot be excluded.', 'Findings:  Impression: What was severe pulmonary edema on ___ at 01:21 has improved substantially, persisting only in the lower lung zones. The chest CTA on ___ showed adenopathy in the mediastinum, but not in the bulky appearing right hilus. Its apparent enlarg
['Findings: Right-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates in the low SVC.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is visualized.  No displaced fractures are evident. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  No displaced rib fracture identified.  If there is continued concern for a rib fracture, consider a dedicated rib series.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the Port-A-Cath again extends to the lower SVC or cavoatrial junction.  No evidence of pneumothorax. No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Right Port-A-Cath is stable in position, terminating in the low SVC. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  There is no pneumothorax, focal consolidation, or pleural effusion. Impression: No consolidation.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is again increased opacification at the left base posteriorly. The appearance now has a more reticular pattern, suggesting that some of it could represent fibrotic healing. Repeat study in ___ weeks would be helpful to assess for clearing. Remainder of the study is within normal limits.', 'Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Patchy opacity is noted within the left lower lobe, possibly atelectasis but early infection is not excluded. The right lung is clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormality is demonstrated. Impression: Patchy
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal, decreased since ___.  Lungs are grossly clear.  No pleural effusion.  Right central venous infusion port ends in the low SVC.  No mediastinal widening or pneumothorax.  Venous', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Please note that CT would be more sensitive for detection of subtle pulmonary lesions.', 'Findings: Right chest wall Port-A-Cath is again noted.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, or edema.  Blunting of the posterior costophrenic angles may be due to small effusions.  Increased opacity in the retrocardiac region on the lateral view is compatible with known hiatal hernia.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Possible tiny bilateral pleural effusions.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  The cardiac is unremarkable given low lung volumes.  The mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  There may be mild central pulmonary vascular congestion.  No definite focal consolidation is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: Normal chest radiograph', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. Lung volumes are somewhat low with mild left basal atelectasis. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Single portable view of the chest is compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits and unchanged given differences in positioning and technique.  Surgical clips project over the left chest wall and axilla.  Gastric band is partially visualized.  Osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  Tiny clips reside in the left breast.  There is gastric band projecting over the upper abdomen.  No effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there again are low lung volumes.  Increased pulmonary markings bilaterally are consistent with a combination of pulmonary vascular congestion, bibasilar atelectatic change, and right pleural effusion.  Of incidental note are bilateral total shoulder arthroplasties and compression deformities with vertebroplasty. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with bowel seen beneath.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable in appearance.  There has been interval increase in perihilar interstitial markings bilaterally suggesting moderate pulmonary edema.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Severe compression of a mid thoracic vertebral body is again seen, similar in comparison as compared to chest CT from ___.  Bilateral humeral prostheses are seen. Impression: Pulmonary edema and persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  No evidence of pneumonia.  Right pectoral Port-A-Cath.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pleural effusions. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no interval change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  Port-A-Cath remains in place and there is again partial eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: ', 'Findings: Right-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates at the cavoatrial junction, unchanged.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax is present.  Eventration of right hemidiaphragm is stable.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Frontal
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear and pleural surfaces are unremarkable.  Heart size, mediastinal contour and hila are unremarkable.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1. No acute intrathoracic process. 2. No fractures detected. This technique is not optimized for evaluation of osseous trauma; dedicated rib films with localizing markers can be obtained if there is a clinical concern for fracture.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Linear opacity in the right lower lung is consistent with atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: Right lung linear atelectasis.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the extent and severity of the bilateral pleural effusions is constant.  The atelectatic lung areas in the retrocardiac lung regions are minimally smaller than before.  No new parenchymal opacities.  Unchanged appearance of the cardiac silhouette.  No evidence of pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  The right internal jugular vein catheter as well as the alignment of the sternal wires and the post-CABG clips are constant in appearance. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the patient has taken a slightly better inspiration.  There is again substantial prominence of the cardiomediastinal silhouette, though the pulmonary vascularity shows only mild elevation.  The retrocardiac region is somewhat opaque, consistent with volume loss in the lower lobe.  Endotracheal tube has been removed.  IJ catheter remains in position. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: Very small right apical pneumothorax minimally larger compared to 15:15.  Region of consolidation in the right lower lobe is presumably ablation artifact and/or bleeding.  Pleural effusion is small if any.  Lung volumes remain quite low do largely due moderate left basal atelectasis.  Moderate cardiomegaly unchanged.  Right subclavian infusion port ends in the upper SVC.', 'Findings: 2 AP views of the chest provided.  Right Port-A-Cath ends at the upper SVC.  New tiny right apical pneumothorax. Scarring in the right middle and right lower lobe is likely secondary to prior wedge resection and stable from CT chest ___. Opacity in the right lung base is new from CT abdomen pelvis ___ and likely represents RFA changes.  Elevation of the left hemidiaphragm and probable mild atelectasis is unchanged from ___.  Hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Impression: 1.  New tiny right apical pneumothorax.  2.  Multiple pulmonary nodules are better evaluated on CT ___.  3. Right middle lobe and
['Findings: Previously visualized spiculated right upper lobe opacity appears less conspicuous in comparison to the prior study suggesting a resolving infectious or inflammatory process.  Bibasilar opacities are noted likely representative of atelectasis.  Biapical bullous emphysematous changes are again noted.  Otherwise, the lungs are without any new focal consolidation.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No acute fractures are identified. Impression: Biapical bullous emphysematous changes. Right upper lobe spiculated opacity appears less conspicuous in comparison to the prior study, suggesting a resolving infectious or inflammatory etiology.  A follow up chest CT, however, is recommended, as was noted on the prior CT report.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs and pleural surfaces are clear. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  Incidental note is made of an azygos lobe and fissure.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Calcified node versus atherosclerotic calcifications seen in the region of the aortic arch.   Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart appears mildly enlarged, the aorta very mildly tortuous.  Superior vena cava is perhaps distended to some degree.  There is a mild interstitial abnormality suggesting vascular congestion but no focal opacification.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Mild interstitial abnormality, chronicity uncertain although findings could be seen with vascular calcification perhaps superimposed on a more chronic lung disease.  Mild cardiomegaly.']
['Findings:  Impression: Low lung volumes or even lower today, exaggerating pulmonary vascular congestion which is mild if any.  Similarly there could be new early edema in the left lower lobe or simply micro atelectasis.  Followup advised.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax or appreciable pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance.  Slight improvement of bibasilar atelectasis with residual patchy and linear atelectasis involving the left lower lobe to a greater degree than the right lower lobe.  No visible pneumothorax on this semi-upright radiograph. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: No definite change compared with one day earlier.', 'Findings: A density projecting over the cervical spine and the lower neck is compatible with recent anterior cervical spine fusion hardware.  The inspiratory lung volumes are decreased.  There is retrocardiac opacification of the left lung base predominantly which may reflect atelectasis or consolidation.  No significant pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected.  The pulmonary vasculature is
['Findings: Heart size top normal.  Mediastinal and hilar silhouettes are unremarkable.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process, specifically no evidence of pneumothorax.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion.  The osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute TB.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or old tuberculous disease.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are somewhat low.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.  Apparent calcified mediastinal lymph nodes are unchanged compared to ___ years prior.  Cardiomediastinal hilar silhouettes are otherwise unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the lungs are well expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  Calcified mediastinal lymph nodes are unchanged since ___.  There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, pneumothorax or focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded and clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. Impression: No pneumonia, edema, or effusion.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated with upper lung lucency, suggesting emphysema.  Bilateral basilar opacities have largely resolved. There is no new consolidation worrisome for pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Again, there is a linear opacity in the right upper lobe, unchanged from ___. Heart is normal size. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Impression: 1. No pneumonia. 2. Unchanged from ___, there is a nonspecific opacity in the right upper lobe, for which nonemergent chest CT is recommended.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low. Heart size is mildly enlarged, unchanged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are similar. Patchy opacities in the lung bases likely reflect areas of atelectasis.  No pulmonary edema is present, and there is no pleural effusion. No pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: Bibasilar patchy opacities, likely atelectasis. Infection is not completely excluded.']
['Findings: Right-sided chest tube remains in place with a persistent area of loculated pleural fluid at the right apex.  No definite pneumothorax.  Cardiac silhouette remains enlarged.  Lung volumes are slightly improved compared to the prior radiograph.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is present.  Bibasilar areas of atelectasis persist, left greater than right, as well as a small to moderate left pleural effusion.  Subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest wall is again noted. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding similar study of ___.  Mediastinal structures, heart and significant pericardial fat pad of unchanged appearance.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  Central airways including trachea and main bronchi on frontal view appear free.  There exists a few peripheral linear plate atelectasis on the left base, rather unchanged.  Crowded appearance of pulmonary vasculature in retrocardiac left-sided area suggestive of partial atelectasis and unchanged.  On the right side, there exists a small plate atelectasis in the
['Findings: Single supine AP portable view of the chest was obtained.  Endotracheal tube is seen, terminating approximately 4.1 cm above the level of the carina.  Underlying trauma board partially obscures the view.  Given this, lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen.  There is mild thoracolumbar scoliosis. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. An opacity in the left lower lung obscuring the left cardiac border is not well seen on the lateral view but probably represents pneumonia within the lingula. Elsewhere, the lungs appear clear. There no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: Opacity in the left lower lung suggesting pneumonia probably in the lingula.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no pulmonary edema.  The heart is normal in size, and the mediastinal contours are normal.  No fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No acute fracture.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low causing crowding of the central bronchovascular structures.  The heart size is normal given AP technique.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  MILD WIDENING OF THE MEDIASTINUM TO THE RIGHT OF MIDLINE IS PROBABLY DUE TO FAT DEPOSITION. Impression: Low lung volumes.']
['Findings: An endotracheal tube and right jugular catheter has been removed in the interim.  The lung volumes.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation. There is no pulmonary edema.  The left costophrenic angle is not fully imaged.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Impression: Improved lung volumes after extubation.', 'Findings: The heart is normal in size.  There is a bulging contour in the aortopulmonary window that appears more prominent than on the prior study but probably the apparent difference is due to differences in technique.  This appearance could be seen with an enlarged main pulmonary artery, but when clinically appropriate, CT is suggested to exclude a mass lesion.  Concordant with this concern is slight apparent density projecting over the subcarinal region which is a finding that may reflect lymphadenopathy.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Moderate osteophytes are noted along the mid-to-lower thoracic spine. Impression: Bulging contour in the aortopulmonary window, most likely due to  enlarg
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  There is no pneumomediastinum.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified.  No free air seen below the diaphragm. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___.  New right trans subclavian right atrial and ventricular pacer leads are in standard placements, continuous from the new right pectoral generator.  No pneumothorax pleural effusion or mediastinal widening.  Mild pulmonary edema has worsened.  Right pleural lobulation is probably chronic.', 'Findings: Portable frontal chest radiograph demonstrates low lung volumes exaggerating moderate cardiomegaly.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is appreciated.  Of note, the left costophrenic angle is not included on the image. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal contour is normal. Impression: No evidence of acute pulmonary process.']
['Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in semi-upright position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding similar study of ___.  An NG tube can be identified and although nondetectable in the lower esophagus related to cardiac motion, one can see the distal NG tube to reach well in the stomach where it is curved up in the fundus and the tip pointing towards the pylorus.  There is no pneumothorax or any other possibly placement-related complication.  The on previous examination still persisting left lower lobe pulmonary parenchymal densities, interpreted as atelectasis or possible aspiration pneumonitis, has improved.  No new abnormalities are seen.  The position of the previously described right internal jugular approach central venous line is unchanged. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous image, pre-existing bilateral parenchymal opacities show a tendency to confluate.  Their overall extent, however, has not increased.  Unchanged size of the cardiac silhouette.  Unchanged monitoring and support devices.  Unchanged bullous disease at the right lung apex. Impression: ', 'Findings: highly concerning for
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  No pulmonary edema.  Normal lung volumes.  No parenchymal opacities suggestive of pneumonia.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Minimal tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  No pleural effusions. Impression: ']
['Findings: Single AP view of the chest was reviewed.  Since the most recent prior study, there has been placement of a right internal jugular line with tip terminating in the mid SVC. There is no pneumothorax. Additionally there is an placement of an enteric tube with tip in the stomach but sideholes near the GE junction.   The heart is moderately enlarged. Interstitial edema is mild. Focal opacities at the lung bases, left greater than right, is likely combination of edema, small pleural effusion and atelectasis, but opacities in the left midlung zone and increasing in the right apex over the past two hours could be due to recent aspiration,  pneumonia, or pulmonary hemorrhage. Impression: 1.  Satisfactory placement of a right internal jugular line with tip terminating in the mid SVC. No pneumothorax. 2.  An enteric tube should be advanced several centimeters to guarantee positioning of the sideholes in the stomach.  3.  Moderate cardiomegaly, mild pulmonary edema, bibasilar atelectasis and increasing possible pneumonia/aspiration or pulmonary hemorrhage.', 'Findings: Right lower lobe streaky op
['Findings: There is no consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.  Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The heart size is mildly enlarged, unchanged compared to the prior exam.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.  Specifically, no evidence of pneumothorax.  These findings were discussed with Dr. ___ at 4:50 p.m. by Dr. ___ ___ by telephone on the day of the exam.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low, accentuating cardiomegaly which is overall stable from ___.  On lateral view, an opacity overlying the spine may represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the right clinical setting.  Mediastinal contours and hila are normal.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is stable from ___. Impression: Opacity overlying the spine may represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the right clinical setting.  If concern for dissection, chest CTA should be obtained.', 'Findings: The lungs
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison to previous radiograph of earlier the same date, a nasogastric tube has been placed, terminating within the stomach.  No other relevant change.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  Retrocardiac opacity is noted which is concerning for a a partially layering right pleural effusion with probable adjacent right basal consolidation.  Findings are best seen on the lateral projection.  Left chest wall pacer device is again seen with pacer leads extending into the region of the right atrium and right ventricle as on prior.  The heart remains mildly enlarged.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Retrocardiac opacity concerning for right basal pneumonia with layering right effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Right upper and lower lobe consolidation have improved consistent with resolving pneumonia.  Moderate cardiomegaly stable.  Left lower lobe partially obscured.  Left upper lobe normal.  Pleural effusion small if any.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  H
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has received a left pectoral pacemaker.  The pacemaker wires project over the right atrium and right ventricle, respectively.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  The leads are intact.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is noted.  No pneumothorax after pacemaker insertion.  One lead is in the right atrium and the second in the right ventricle.  The leads are intact.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema. Impression: ', 'Findings: .  CONCLUSION:  No acute cardiopulmonary findings.  No additional findings of note.Repeat with nipple markers could be performed if there is concern for malignancy Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopul
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hila, and pleura are unremarkable.  No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were compared to previous exam from ___.  Small potentially calcified nodule seen in the right upper lobe, smaller in appearance compared to prior.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  There is minimal atelectasis is in the right lung base. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  No acute osseous abnormality is visualized. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Right internal jugular line tip is at the level of mid SVC.  Heart size and mediastinum are stable but there are bibasal opacities that appear to be more pronounced than on the prior study, potentially due to termination of mechanical ventilation, attention to this area on the subsequent studies is recommended.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   Overlying EKG leads are present.  The left CP angles partially excluded.  Lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and stable.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: No pneumonia.', 'Findings: The left lung base is not included on this exam.  Part of the right costophrenic angle is not included on this exam.  There has been interval placement of right IJ central line which terminates in the mid SVC.  The ET tube terminates 1.5 cm from the carina still, slightly low in position.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax on this exam.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is
['Findings: Minimal basilar atelectasis is seen.  There is no definite focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable and stable..  Partially imaged degenerative change and hardware at the thoracolumbar junction/ upper lumbar spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation. Heart is normal size. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Lumbar spine hardware is partially visualized. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is mild cardiomegaly.  There is no vascular congestion or edema.. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is a drain projecting over the sternum.  The alignment of the sternal wires is unchanged.  The size and appearance of the cardiac silhouette is constant.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  No larger pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: were discussed  with ___ by Dr. ___ by telephone at ___:___ on the day of the exam.    WET READ VERSION #1  ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT STUDY:  AP chest, ___.  CLINICAL HISTORY:  Patient with malpositioned PICC line.  Readjusted.  FINDINGS:  Comparison is made to previous study from ___ at 3:___ ___m.  There is a right-sided PICC line.  The distal tip is hard to see; it appears to be in the upper SVC.  The heart size is enlarged, but stable.  There is some mild prominence of the pulmonary vascular
['Findings: Heart size is moderately enlarged with tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  Hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is mild bibasilar atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: New consolidation at the base of the right lung could be atelectasis alone.  Nevertheless aspiration could be responsible and this area should be followed for the possibility of developing pneumonia.  Heart size top-normal.  Pleural effusion small if any.  Upper lungs clear.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Increasing left retrocardiac atelectasis.  Unchanged right basal atelectasis, small amounts of free intra-abdominal air of the abdominal surgery.  Small pleural effusions are visualized on the lateral radiograph only.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia.', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.  Mild left basal atelectasis noted.  Overlying EKG leads are present.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  Gas-filled loops of bowel in the upper abdomen noted for which correlation with outside hospital CT abdomen pelvis is advised. Impression: As above.', 'Findings:  Impression: The volume of the right lower lobe has partially recovered,
['Findings: Heart size is normal with a mildly tortuous aorta.  Hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Severe degenerative changes are noted in bilateral shoulders.  A slight indentation of the trachea on the right at the level of the thoracic inlet is suggestive of enlarged thyroid. Impression: 1.  No evidence of pneumonia.  2.  Slight indentation of the right aspect of the trachea at the level of thoracic inlet, suggestive of enlarged thyroid.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest were acquired.  There is a moderate right pneumothorax, and substantial upper pneumomediastinum and subcutaneous emphysema in the neck and upper chest wall, likely not significantly changed compared to the prior CT from ___, allowing for differences in modality.  There is no significant shift of the mediastinal structures to suggest tension physiology.  There is minimal bilateral lower lung atelectasis.  The heart is normal in size.  A small right pleural effusion was better seen on the prior CT.  There is
['Findings: Single portable supine frontal image of the chest.   The lungs are well expanded and clear. The right hilus is noted to be more prominent than the left, which can be seen with but is not diagnostic of pulmonary embolism.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: 1.  Right hilus noted to be more prominent on the left, which can be seen with but is not diagnostic of pulmonary embolism.   2.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.    These findings were communicated to Dr. ___ at 9:29 a.m. on ___ by phone.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs provided.  Lungs are well expanded.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Brachicephalic vascular stent again noted.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable.  The right distal clavicle is resorbed, possibly from prior trauma or surgery. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  Left brachiocephalic stent remains in unchanged position.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present however the left costophrenic angle is excluded from the field of view.  There is no subdiaphragmatic free air.  Cholecystectomy clips are seen in the right upper quadrant the abdomen.  Surgical anchor projects over the right humeral head. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  No subdiaphragmatic free air.  Left costophrenic angle not included in the
['Findings: AP view of the chest is compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are hyperinflated.  There are diffusely increased interstitial markings seen throughout the lungs bilaterally, but no confluent consolidation.  Lateral costophrenic angles are sharp.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: Diffuse increased interstitial markings throughout both lungs suggestive of chronic lung disease.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  There is an opacity in the left lower lobe, obscuring the left hemidiaphragmic contour, likely a left pleural effusion.  The upper lobes are clear.  The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged.  There is atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta.  Spinal fusion hardware is unchanged in appearance.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Left pleural effusion.  Pneumonia cannot be excluded.', 'Findings: Single AP radiograph of the chest demonstrates low lung volumes.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  Bibasilar atelectasis is present and the left lung base is not well visualized, possibly due to atelectasis and portable technique, however an underlying infectious process cannot be completely excluded.  There is no evidence of overt pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax is present.  Multilevel spinal fusion surgical hardware is identified in the thoracolumbar spine. Impression: Low lung volumes and bibasilar atelectasis, more prominent on the left.  Although opacification of the left lung base may be due to
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right pigtail catheter has been removed. The relatively extensive parenchymal opacities on the right are not substantially changed. Unchanged appearance of the cardiac silhouette and of the left lung parenchyma.', 'Findings: As compared to the radiograph from 3:38 p.m., there is no longer evidence of a visible right pneumothorax.  The masses in the right lung are unchanged. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pigtail catheter on the right is in unchanged position.  There is minimal improvement in aeration of the right lung but the very extensive parenchymal opacities still predominates in the right hemi thorax.  No change in appearance of the cardiac silhouette and of the left lung.', 'Findings: Opacities at the right mid lung and right base are worse, especially at the base.  Multiple other cavitary nodules in both lobes are better demonstrated on recent CT but are grossly similar in number.  There is likely small right pleural effusion.  There is no cardiomegaly
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lung volumes are low which somewhat limit the evaluation.  Allowing for this, there is no focal consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax.  No signs of congestion or edema.  Heart and mediastinal contours are normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings.  Low lung volumes limits assessment.']
['Findings: The heart size is at the upper limits of normal.  The mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.  The hila are full and prominence of the pulmonary vasculature is concerning for vascular congestion.  Bibasilar opacities likely represent degree of atelectasis with some degree of vascular congetion.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Mildly enlarged heart with vascular congestion.  Bibasilar opacities most likely atelectasis with some vascular congestion, but underlying early infection is difficult to exclude.', 'Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest are compared to multiple prior exams dating back to ___ with most recent from ___.  There are bibasilar opacities suggestive of atelectasis vs scar given persistence over time.  There are trace bilateral effusions, slightly smaller when compared to previous exam.  There is no new confluent consolidation.  There is no evidence of overt failure.  Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but stable in configuration.  Osseous structures are unchanged. Impression: Bibasilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis versus scarring given persistence over time.  Trace bilateral pleural effusions,
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  The hilar contours are stable.  There is no evidence of free air beneath the diaphragms. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence of free air beneath the diaphragms.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are moderate.  Bilateral lower lobe patchy opacities are new in the interval and may reflect either developing infection or aspiration in the correct clinical setting.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Impression: Bilateral lower lobe opacities may reflect developing infection or aspiration in the correct clinical setting.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the telephone on ___ at 5:20 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Bibasilar atelectasis.  Lung
['Findings: There is a right-sided hemodialysis catheter that terminates in the right atrium.  The right hilum appears prominent and comparison should be made with prior studies.  Otherwise the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal in the pleura is unremarkable. Impression: Right hilar prominence of unclear clinical significance.  Comparison should be made with prior studies.  Otherwise unremarkable chest x-ray.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There has been interval development of a small left pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis.  Linear left base scarring is again seen.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable, with the aorta is somewhat tortuous and calcified.  The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. Impression: Interval development of small left pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Large left and moderate right pleural effusions are probably a little bit smaller.  Patient has been extubated.  There is no longer any pulmonary edema. Left lower lobe is largely airless, atelectasis at the base of the right lung somewhat less severe, but both are relatively unchanged.  There is no pneumothorax.  Right PIC line ends in the mid SVC.  This examination neither suggests nor excludes the diagnosis of acute pulmonary embolism.', 'Findings: A left subclavian approach tunneled Port-A-Cath is not significantly changed
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is again enlargement of the cardiac silhouette without vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Moderate enlargement of the heart is present. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable, as are the hilar contours. Lung volumes are low bilaterally with diffuse increased interstitial abnormality which may be chronic.  No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No definite pulmonary edema is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Diffuse interstitial abnormality suggestive of a chronic lung disease, and correlation with previous imaging is recommended. If none are available, further assessment with high resolution chest CT is suggested.']
['Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes are appropriate.  The lungs are clear without pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Findings were communicated by Dr. ___ to ___, NP, by phone at 5:00pm on ___.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the increased opacification with irregularity of the hemidiaphragm has essentially cleared.  Remainder the study is unchanged.', 'Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are normal. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures. No evidence of pneumonia, pulmonary edema or other lung pathology. No pleural effusions.  Fixation devices are visualized at the level of the cervical spine.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate clear lungs bilaterally.  Minimal atelectasis involves the right lower lung.  There is no focal opacity.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or evidence of pulmonary edema.  Imaged osseous structures and upper abdomen are without an acute abnormality.  Cervical hardware is noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  There is moderate parenchymal irregular
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Left perihilar edema developed after reexpansion of the previously collapsed left lower lobe between ___.  This has not cleared and now raises suspicion of pneumonia.  The heterogeneous opacification through the right lung which improved substantially on ___, indicating it was at that time largely edema, has returned and is heterogeneous enough to raise questions of aspiration to this lung as well.  There is at least a moderate amount of left pleural effusion which has never cleared, though it may have decreased since ___.  Moderate cardiomegaly persists.  I cannot evaluate the neoesophagus except to say that the outer contours of the mediastinum are unchanged recently.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Interval removal of nasogastric tube.  Right chest tube remains in place.  Stable postoperative mediastinal widening following esophagectomy and pull-up procedure.  Persistent pulmonary vascular congestion.  Slight improvement in left perihilar and basilar airspace opacity, which could reflect asymmetrical edema, aspiration or infectious pneumonia.  Bibasilar retrocardiac atelectasis and adjacent small right and
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the right chest tube has been removed.  There again is a tiny right apical pneumothorax. Remainder of the study is unchanged.  Multiple acute right rib fractures are again noted, as well as a overriding fracture of the right clavicle.', 'Findings: The patient has multiple known rib fractures, more completely depicted on the recent chest CT.  The known right clavicular fracture is not well appreciated on this examination.  Again seen is the right chest tube.  The overall appearance is similar.  Slight differences in configuration could relate to differences in positioning and inspiratory volume.  A tiny right apical pneumothorax is probably unchanged.  The recent CT also showed a tiny basilar pneumothorax which is not appreciated radiographically.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  The heart is not enlarged.  Aorta is minimally unfolded.  There is upper zone redistribution, but no overt CHF.  There bibasilar atelectasis, without frank consolidation.  No gross effusion is identified. Impression: 1. Right chest tube present.  Tiny right apical pneum
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  There is no displaced fracture. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is cardiomegaly.  There are streaky opacities at the lung bases which may be due to atelectasis or early infiltrate. There is also prominence of the bronchovascular markings suggestive of mild pulmonary edema. There is a small right-sided pleural effusion. Impression: As above.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with study ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Free intraperitoneal gas reflects the recent abdominal surgery.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  Dual lead left-sided pacemaker is stable in position.  No pulmonary edema is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Soft tissue calcification projecting over the right upper lung is stable. Impression: No significant interval change.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison study of ___, there is an placement of a dual-channel pacer device with leads extending to the right atrium and apex of the right ventricle. No evidence of pneumothorax. The lungs are clear and there is no vascular congestion or pleural effusion.']
['Findings: Mild pulmonary edema is new.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Significant cardiomegaly is unchanged.  CONCLUSION:  New mild pulmonary edema. Impression: ']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes.  There is no pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema.    Multiple surgical clips project over right neck.  There is soft tissue edema and an ill-defined lucency projecting over resection bed. Impression: Soft tissue edema and an ill-defined lucency projecting over right neck, concerning for abscess formation.  Further assessment with dedicated neck radiographs or CT is recommended.   Findings discussed with Dr. ___ at 9:45 am ___ by phone.']
['Findings: Right supraclavicular dual-channel central venous line ends at or just below the anticipated location of the superior cavoatrial junction.  The lungs are low in volume but grossly clear.  Pleural effusion is minimal if any.  No pneumothorax.  Expansile lesion noted in left middle rib laterally.  The heart size is normal. Impression: AP chest compared to ___.  FINDINGS:  Right supraclavicular dual-channel central venous line ends at or just below the anticipated location of the superior cavoatrial junction.  The lungs are low in volume but grossly clear.  Pleural effusion is minimal if any.  No pneumothorax.  Expansile lesion noted in left middle rib laterally.  The heart size is normal.', 'Findings: Internal jugular line ends at cavoatrial junction.  There are no lung opacities concerning for pneumonia.  The left lower lung atelectasis near the lateral costophrenic angle has been unchanged since ___, likely chronic atelectasis or parenchymal scarring.  The expansile lytic lesion in posterior ninth rib is redemonstrated
['Findings: Lungs are fully expanded and clear. No pleural abnormalities. Heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The right and left hila are unremarkable.  Slight leftward deviation of the upper trachea is again noted. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  The right hilus is normal. 2. Slight leftward deviation of the upper trachea.  Please correlate with physical examination to assess for thyroid abnormality.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are low.  There is possible enlargement of the right hilum.  There is no focal opacity, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The trachea is deviated to the left.The heart size is probably normal. Impression: 1. Recommend a repeat frontal chest radiographs in full inspiration to to assess the right hilus. 2. The trachea is deviated to the left.  Examination of the right neck and thyroid is recommended.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Repeat frontal chest x-ray in full inspiration. Examination of the right neck and thyroid.  NOTIFICATION:   The
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  The lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Small anterior osteophytes are noted along the thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
["Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  On the lateral view there is convex bulge to the posterior left hemidiaphragm likely representing an the eventration or a small Bochdalek's hernia.  Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process."]
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Lungs and pleural surfaces are clear. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear, the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  A small left middle lung zone granuloma is unchanged. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.']
['Findings: There is moderate cardiomegaly which is stable.  The mediastinal silhouette is widened and stable.  There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm with no evidence of previously seen left lower lobe pneumonia which is likely secondary to a persistent consolidation to base and likely represents a left lower lobe atelectasis.  .  There is no evidence of focal consolidations, pulmonary edema, or pleural effusion.  Again seen is a moderate hiatal hernia which is stable. Impression: 1. Elevation of left hemidiaphragm with persistent consolidation of the left lung base in the setting of a cleared pneumonia likely represents left lower lobe atelectasis. 2. No evidence of acute on chronic heart disease.', 'Findings: Opacity at the left lung base concerning for a focal consolidation. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.   The cardiomediastinal silhouette is moderately enlarged likely secondary to moderate cardiomegaly.  No evidence of pulmonary edema. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No evidence of free air below the diaphragm.  A moderate hiatal hernia is noted in the retrocard
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  On the lateral view, external artifact projects over the posterior thorax, partially obscuring the view.  Given this, there is a left greater than right mild bibasilar atelectasis.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The aortic knob is calcified.  The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. Impression: External artifact projects over the posterior chest on the lateral view, somewhat limiting its evaluation.  Otherwise, aside from mild bibasilar atelectasis, no acute cardiopulmonary process seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Lungs are better expanded, clear, cardiac silhouette is normal, pulmonary vasculature not distended, and no pleural effusion.  Aside from mild-to-moderate scoliosis, centered in the mid thoracic spine, this is a normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph from 11:56 a.m., there is no relevant change.  The left pigtail catheter is in constant position.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax appeared in the interval.  Unchanged mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.  No lung parenchymal abnormalities.  Minimal air inclusion in the left-sided soft tissues. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the left pigtail catheter is in unchanged position.  There is no indication for the presence of a left pneumothorax.  However, other than on the previous radiograph, free intra-abdominal air is seen below the right hemidiaphragm.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal appearance of the lung parenchyma.  At the time of dictation and observation, at 10:35 a.m., on ___, the referring physician, ___. ___, was paged for notification. Impression: ', 'Findings: Portable AP upright chest radiograph was provided.  There has been interval insertion of a left pigtail chest tube with minimal residual left apical pneumothor
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  On the lateral view, there is area of increased opacity projecting posteriorly in the lower lung which may correspond with a subtle opacity in the right medial cardiophrenic recess on the frontal projection.  While this finding was not definitely identified on the prior exam and therefore may represent a focal consolidation, though the possibility of a nodule is not excluded.  Aside from this, there is no focal consolidation, effusion, pneumothorax.  The heart size is stable and top normal in size.  Mediastinal contour is unchanged with an unfolded thoracic aorta.  The bony structures are intact.  Multilevel degenerative changes with anterior osteophytes in the thoracic spine noted. Impression: Opacity in the posterior right medial lung base which was not clearly seen on prior exam and is somewhat atypical in appearance for pneumonia.  Consider repeat chest radiograph post-treatment to ensure resolution or CT may be performed to further assess.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest show a persistent ill-defined opacity in the right medial cardiophrenic recess which projects over the left atrium on the
['Findings: Single frontal view of the chest was obtained.  Right paratracheal ovoid calcifications may represent calcified lymph nodes and may be a sequela of prior granulomatous disease.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal.  The mediastinum and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Diffuse osteopenia noted. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2.  Right paratracheal nodular calcifications may represent calcified lymph nodes or medial right upper lobe calcified granulomas.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: No previous image.  There is a nasogastric tube that extends into the mid body of the stomach with the side hole distal to the esophagogastric junction. Triple pacer device is in place with leads extending to the right atrium, right ventricle, and coronary sinus system. There is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, accentuated by low lung volumes. There may be mild elevation of pulmonary venous pressure. Opacification at the left base laterally could reflect a small pleural effusion and volume loss in the left lower lobe.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance with indwelling ICD pacer leads unchanged.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal considering low lung volumes.  Homogeneous opacity persists adjacent to lower left heart border, with blunting of left costophrenic sulcus.  Correlative CT of ___ shows this is due to a prominent pericardial fat pad and not a pleural effusion.  Right lung and pleural surfaces are clear. Impression: ']
['Findings: AP upright portable view of the chest is obtained.  Left-sided Port-A-Cath is again seen, terminating in the distal SVC without evidence of pneumothorax.  The lungs remain clear.  Mild biapical pleuroparenchymal scarring is again seen.  Nipple shadows are incidentally noted overlying the right lower hemithorax.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  There is no overt pulmonary edema. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart size, mediastinal, and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax. Impression: No focal consolidation or pneumothorax is identified.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperlucent and the retrosternal space is widened. The heart is not enlarged. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is scarring and calcification of the pleural surfaces at the lung apices. There is likely tiny right pleural effusion. There is no pulmonary edema or evidence of pneumonia. Impression: 1. Emphysema. Tiny right pleural effusion. 2. Pleural calcification suggests prior asbestos exposure.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Hypertrophic changes noted in the spine.  No displaced fractures identified.  Degenerative changes noted at the right acromioclavicular joint. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images. The heart is normal in size and there is no vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia. Some elevation of the right hemidiaphragmatic contour is seen.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear besides mild left basilar atelectasis.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have increased, likely reflecting improved ventilation. Mild cardiomegaly. Retrocardiac atelectasis. No larger pleural effusions.  Mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: There has been placement of a right-sided PICC line. The distal tip is pointing cephalad and this needs to be readjusted. No pneumothoraces are identified. Heart size is within normal limits. There is prominence of pulmonary interstitial markings suggestive of pulmonary edema. However, superimposed infection is also possible given that the vascular pedicle is not widened. There is atelectasis at the left lung base. Small left-sided pleural effusion is seen.', 'Findings: are unchanged.  There are no pneumothoraces. Impression: The right-sided PICC line tip remains within the neck and pointing towards the head. This again needs to be readjusted. Rest of the findings are unchanged.  There are no pneumothoraces.', 'Findings: A portable frontal chest radiograph demonstrates low lung volumes. Bilateral opacities are
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There are low lung volumes.  Given this, no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate clear lungs and normal hilar and cardiomediastinal contours.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: Normal radiographs of the chest.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  Lungs are well inflated and grossly clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Mild to moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Impression: Mild to moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine, otherwise normal chest radiograph.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are viewed in comparison with the prior study from ___.  Slightly asymmetric pleural thickening at the lateral apices, left greater than right, appears stable.  No additional areas of pleural thickening are seen, and the lungs are clear and well expanded with no nodules or focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion is seen. There is some uncoiling of the thoracic aorta, but heart size is within normal limits.  Osteophy
['Findings: A dual-chamber pacemaker is in stable and standard course and position from a left subclavian approach.  No consolidation or edema is evident.  There is linear atelectasis at both lung bases.  Mild aortic tortuosity is noted.  The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits for size. No effusion or pneumothorax is noted.  The bones are diffusely osteopenic; however, no clear displaced rib fractures are evident.  There is mild hyperexpansion likely indicating underlying obstructive lung disease. Impression: Likely underlying COPD.  No acute pulmonary process noted.', 'Findings: Comparison is made to previous study from ___.  There is a dual-lead left-sided pacemaker with intact leads.  The heart size is within normal limits.  There is some atelectasis at the lung bases.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusions or signs for overt pulmonary edema. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there has been placement of a nasogastric tube that extends to the upper stomach.  It could be pushed forward several cm for more effective positioning. Little change in the appearance of the heart and lungs.', 'Findings: Single upright portable chest radiograph demonstrates low lung volumes.  Heart size is exaggerated by low lung volumes and technique.  There is no focal opacity present.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.  Streaky opacities at the lung bases reflect atelectasis.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No air under the right hemidiaphragm is present. Impression: No air under the right hemidiaphragm.  No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low leading to crowding of the bronchovascular structures.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or overt pulmonary edema is seen.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Redemonstrated is a left-sided vagal stimulating device unchanged from prior examination.  No bony abnormality is detected. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Low lung volumes but no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is minimal lateral left base linear atelectasis/scarring.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Minimal left base atelectasis/scarring.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  There is minimal atelectasis in the left lung base.  Remainder of the lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Minimal left basilar atelectasis.  Normal mediastinum.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were reviewed and compared to the prior study.  Lung volumes are minimally improved, however, persistent linear opacities in the left upper and lower lung represent atelectasis.  The previously noted right-sided chest tube has been removed and there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Normal cardiac and mediastinal contours. Unchanged elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: 1.  No pneumothorax. 2.  Mildly improved but persistent low lung volumes.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Previously widened mediastinum now has a normal post-operative appearance.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural abnormality.  Heart size normal.', 'Findings: There are low lung volumes, with bibasilar atelectasis.  The post-operative mediastinum appears widened with loss of normal mediastinal landmarks.  A chest tube is in place. There is no pneumothorax.  Right-sided thoracotomy changes are present. Impression: Wide post-operative mediastinum, which may reflect postoperative changes
['Findings:  Impression: Subsegmental atelectasis in the left lung base.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Status post sternotomy.  Mediastinal clips.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without overt pulmonary edema.  Mild atelectasis at the left lung bases.  No pleural effusions.  No parenchymal opacity suggesting pneumonia. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lungs are well-expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation.  A Port-A-Cath line ends just above the superior cavoatrial junction.  A nasogastric tube courses into the stomach, with the tip not well seen.  Bilateral internal-external biliary drains project over the right upper quadrant. Impression: Port-A-Cath tip ends at the cavoatrial junction.', 'Findings: Enteric tube tip is in the distal stomach.  There are 2 percutaneous catheters with tips in the  mid abdomen.  Venous catheter tip near cavoatrial junction is partially seen.  There are degenerative changes in the lower lumbar spine.  There is trace right pleural effusion, new or more apparent.  Chronic right rib fracture. Impression: Enteric tube tip is in the distal stomach.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  A circumscribed punctate density at the right lung base likely represents a small calcified granuloma or less likely a vessel on end.  Otherwise, the lung fields are clear. There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to recent radiograph of 1 day earlier, right-sided chest tube and pleural pigtail catheter remain in place with persistent loculated right pleural effusion and hydropneumothorax. Overall appearance of the chest is similar to the prior study except for worsening interstitial edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: The volume of the multi loculated right pleural effusion, masking right pleural nodules, which increased following pleurodesis has stabilized since earlier in the day. Previous tiny right apical pneumothorax is smaller. 2 right pleural drainage tubes are unchanged in position. Most of the atelectasis in the right lower lobe attributable to pleural abnormality is at the base. Moderate enlargement of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Subsegmental atelectasis at the left lung base is relatively stable.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is a minimal decrease in extent of the right pleural effusion. The right pigtail catheter is in unchanged position. No pneumothorax. Reduction in extent of the pre-existing areas of atelectasis. No
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax or pulmonary edema is detected.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: Normal chest radiographs.', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations, pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.  No definite clavicular abnormalities appreciated.  If this is of serious clinical concern, coned views or even CT could be obtained.']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  The bulk of the left upper lobe cavitary process substantially cleared between ___ and ___.  This could be a small residual cavity in the left suprahilar lung, but in the absence of signs or symptoms of active infection, there is no particular need to document what would be either a post-infectious pneumatocele or segment of bronchiectasis with CT scanning.  Lungs are otherwise clear.', 'Findings: Chest PA and lateral radiograph demonstrates a left upper lobe opacification with area of central lucency concerning causing abrupt termination of a left upper lobe bronchus.  Finding is nonspecific with etiologies ranging from possibly malignancy such as squamous cell carcinoma  or acute infectious process, such as abscess, active tuberculosis, necrotizing pneumonia,  or fungal infection. Cardio mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is evident.  No osseous abnormalities are identified. Impression: Large left upper lobe mass with central lucency and abrupt termination of left lower lobe bronchus concerning for obstructing process, possibly malignancy versus infectious process
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No evidence of free air is seen beneath the diaphragms.  Plate and screw fixation of the left clavicle is noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence of free air beneath the diaphragms.']
['Findings: Low lung volumes are seen and accentuate the heart size.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Median sternotomy wires are intact.  The mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy, CABG and stent placement.  Heart size is normal.  The aortic knob is calcified.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Low lung volumes are present which results in crowding of the bronchovascular structures.  There are minimal ill-defined streaky and nodular opacities in the lung bases.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There is no frank pulmonary edema.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: Low lung volumes.  Minimal streaky and ill-defined nodular opacities in the lung bases could reflect atelectasis though infection is not completely excluded.  No overt pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest were provided.  Midline sternotomy wires and mediast
['Findings: No previous images.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no vascular congestion or pleural effusion.  Specifically, no evidence of acute focal pneumonia.  There are surgical clips in the right axillary region.  There is also slight impression on the right side of the lower cervical trachea, possibly reflecting thyroid enlargement. Impression: on the right side of the lower cervical trachea, possibly reflecting thyroid enlargement.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal and without change.  Assessment of the lungs is remarkable for an apparent pulmonary nodule in the left retrocardiac region, measuring approximately 1.8 cm in diameter and not definitively confirmed on the lateral view.  Localized scarring at the extreme lung bases appears unchanged with no pleural effusion or acute skeletal finding.  Surgical clips are present in the right axilla. Impression: Possible 1.8 cm diameter left lower lobe lung nodule.  Considering prior history of colon cancer, chest CT is recommended for confirmation and further characterization as entered into the radiology communications dashboard on ___.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There is no evidence of pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: are stable. There is no pneumothorax or dense consolidation. Old rib fractures are present on the left.  There is arthropathy in both shoulders.  The shunt tube is again noted.  Aortic calcifications are present. Impression: There is slight increased interstitial density bilaterally in the mid and lower lungs as on the prior exam.  These findings are stable. There is no pneumothorax or dense consolidation. Old rib fractures are present on the left.  There is arthropathy in both shoulders.  The shunt tube is again noted.  Aortic calcifications are present.', 'Findings: The cardiac silhouette is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged with mild unfolding of thoracic aorta which is diffusely calcified.  Fullness of the right hilum is stable.  The pulmonary vascularity is not engorged.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There are old left-sided rib fractures again noted.  A VP shunt catheter is visualized coursing within the right anterior chest wall and into the upper abdomen. Degenerative changes of the left gl
['Findings: There is mild biapical pleural thickening.  No focal consolidation is seen.  Previously seen bronchiolitis on prior chest CT from ___ is better appreciated on that more sensitive study.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There are relatively low lung volumes.The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___.  Tip of the endotracheal tube, 3 cm from the carina with the chin down is standard placements.  Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum, and pleural surfaces.', 'Findings:  Impression: Right internal jugular line tip is at the level of lower SVC.  Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  The patient is after right breast surgery.', "Findings: There has been interval removal of the ET tube.  The right lower lung opacity seen on yesterday's chest x-ray has slightly improved.  Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  The pleural surfaces are normal.  The right IJ venous catheter terminates in the mid SVC. Impression: Interval improvement of right lower lung opacity.  No new focal consolidations.", 'Findings: The endotracheal tube tip terminates 1.5 cm above the carina and should be withdrawn at least 1.5
['Findings: Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar contours.  Rounded left upper lobe opacity containing focal lucencies may reflect a fat-containing pulmonary nodule, possibly a hamartoma.  Normal pleural surfaces. Impression: Rounded left upper lobe opacity concerning for pulmonary nodule.  Recommend chest CT for further evaluation. No hilar lymphadenopathy.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Obtain chest CT for lung nodule evaluation.  NOTIFICATION:  Findings communicated to Dr. ___ at 11:47.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  The patient is status post cervical spine surgery. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Vague rounded opacity projecting over the left midlung is compatible with lipoma confirmed by prior CT scan.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. 
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There is no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. The thoracic score spine curves slightly to the right side. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: Evidence of previous sternotomy.  Interval increase in the heart size, congestion of the pulmonary vessels and interstitial thickening in the lower lung zones suggests cardiac decompensation with associated interstitial edema. The vascular pedicle is not significantly dilated No pleural effusions.  No airspace consolidation.  Spondylotic changes of the thoracic spine.  Small calcific density projecting lateral to the right chest wall. Impression: Interval increase in the heart size with associated pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  There is interval resolution of widespread parenchymal opacities seen on the previous study currently lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips.  There is cardiomegaly which appears slightly increased in the interval, now mild to moderate in overall size.  There is mild pulmonary edema without pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.  The mediastinal contour appears stable.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Cardi
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Significant soft tissue attenuation does limit fine parenchymal detail.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral images of the chest.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or focal airspace consolidation.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  Scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine is noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: to suggest generalized adenopathy. Impression: There is a long curvilinear scar or alternatively suture material from a lobectomy.  Lungs are otherwise essentially clear. Heart size is normal.  There could be mild lymph node enlargement in the hila, but there are no findings to suggest generalized adenopathy.']
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are low. Minimal atelectasis at the right lung bases.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.']
['Findings: Despite low lung volumes, the lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Right PICC line has been withdrawn and repositioned now in the upper SVC.  Moderate cardiomegaly stable.  Lungs clear.  No pleural abnormality.', 'Findings: Low lung volumes accentuate the transverse diameter of the heart.  No radiographic evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: Shallow inspiration accentuates heart size, pulmonary vascularity, which is more prominent compared the prior exam.  Lungs are clear.  No effusions. Impression: More prominent heart size, pulmonary vascularity.  Lungs are clear']
['Findings:  Impression: MILD PULMONARY EDEMA IS UNCHANGED.  CONSOLIDATION IN THE RIGHT LOWER LUNG WHICH IMPROVED BETWEEN ___ AND ___ IS STABLE.  CARDIOMEGALY IS AT LEAST MODERATE.  THERE IS NO APPRECIABLE PLEURAL EFFUSION.  METAL DEVICE PROJECTING OVER THE RIGHT MEDIASTINAL BORDER IS PRESUMABLY FRAGMENT OF RETAINED PACER OR PACER DEFIBRILLATOR LEAD.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little overall change.  Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette in a patient with intact midline sternal wires.  Prominence of interstitial markings is consistent with elevated pulmonary venous pressure.  No definite acute pneumonia or vascular congestion.', 'Findings: Compared to the prior study, no definite interval change.  Again seen is marked prominence of the cardiomediastinal silhouette, with sternotomy wires and additional radiopacity overlying the right cardiomediastinal silhouette, unchanged.  Although vessels and lung markings appear prominent
['Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal. There is a linear radiodensity projecting over the left neck seen only the frontal view. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Linear radiodensity projecting over the left neck seen on the frontal view.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  No displaced fracture identified. If there is continued concern for a rib fracture, consider a dedicated rib series.']
['Findings: The NG tube has been removed. The endotracheal tube. Terminates at the level of the clavicles.  New blunting of the left costophrenic angle is likely due to a small pleural effusion.  The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are magnified by the projection. Impression: ET tube in satisfactory position. Clear lungs. New small left pleural effusion.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: ET tube tip is approximately 1.7 cm from the carina.  The lungs are clear given the low lung volumes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  The chest is hyperin
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is little overall change. Some hyperexpansion of the lungs is again seen consistent with chronic pulmonary disease.  No vascular congestion or pleural effusion.  No acute pneumonia.  No evidence of diaphragmatic pleural calcifications that could be seen in asbestos-related disease.  Of incidental note is an apparent old healed fracture of the distal right clavicle. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs are grossly unchanged from prior radiograph, demonstrating a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hyperinflated lungs without focal consolidation or pulmonary edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Unchanged hyperinflated lungs without focal consolidation, pulmonary edema, or pleural effusion.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal size. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: No relevant change as compared to the previous examination.  Moderate scoliosis, no pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  No evidence of TB.']
['Findings:  Impression: Following the procedure, there is no evidence of pneumothorax.  An area of increased opacification in the right mid to lower lung is consistent with the biopsy related postsurgical changes and small hematoma.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or vascular congestion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities.  No free air seen below the diaphragm. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process, no free intraperitoneal air']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  The pulmonary vasculature is indistinct, compatible with mild edema, which was more conspicuous on ___ CT.  Blunting of the right costophrenic angle and indistinctness of the left costophrenic angle are compatible with small bilateral pleural effusions.  No focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  No radiopaque foreign body. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema, which was more conspicuous on ___ CT, with small persistent bilateral pleural effusions.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  There is persistent patchy opacity at the right lung base, which may have slightly improved suggesting improving pneumonia.  Mediastinal and hilar nodes are again seen consistent with prior granulomatous infection.  In addition, there are biapical calcified pleural plaques.  No pulmonary edema or pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax.  Stable cardiac and mediastinal contours with the heart being upper limits of normal in size given PA technique.  Calcification of the aorta consistent with atherosclerosis.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  New compared to prior as a patchy region of consolidation in the right lower lobe.  The left lung remains clear. Calcifications project over the apices bilaterally, unchanged, as well as calcified hilar lymph nodes.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and osseous structures are unchanged. Impression: Right lower lobe consolidation compatible with pneumonia.  Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  There is mild relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm
['Findings: Heart size is top normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The heart size is top normal and slightly enlarged for the prior study. The mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Slight elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is noted. An azygos fissure is incidentally noted.  The lungs are well expanded and clear without focal consolidation. Slight engorgement of upper lobe pulmonary vessels is noted. The upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Cephalization and slight increase in heart size due to early cardiac decompensation, without frank pulmonary edema. No pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is top-normal.  Mediastinum is stable in appearance including azygos lobe.  Lungs are essentially clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Left-sided pacemaker has been placed with the leads terminating in the expected location of right atrium and right ventricle.  No procedure associated pneumothorax noted.', 'Findings: The cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged.  The pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable and unchanged since the prior examination.  Atelectasis
['Findings: OG tube enters the stomach and makes a single loop around the fundus.  Endotracheal tube is 3 cm above the carina.  Low volume lungs are clear except for mild atelectasis.  Heart is normal size and cardiomediastinal contours are unremarkable.  No pleural effusions and no pneumothorax. Impression: OG tube is properly placed within the stomach and loops around the fundus.']
['Findings: The patient is intubated.  The endotracheal tube lies below the thoracic inlet, approximately 5 cm above the carina; previously it closely approached the carina.  An orogastric tube courses into the stomach, its distal course not imaged.  The heart is at the upper limits of normal size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is a focal hazy opacification projecting over the left upper lung while the left lung base appears clear.  Although a confounding factor is moderate rightward convex scoliosis, there is a suggestion of mild volume loss with leftward shift of mediastinal structures.  There is no definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Hazy appearance of left upper lung with suspected volume loss, an appearance suggesting extensive atelectasis of the left upper lobe.', "Findings: Compared to previous radiograph, the patient still carries an endotracheal tube.  The tip of the tube projects 3.8 cm above the carina.  Course of the nasogastric tube is unremarkable.    There is unchanged evidence of a relatively extensive left lung parenchym
['Findings: Lung volumes are low leading to crowding of the bronchovascular structures.  Mild central pulmonary vascular congestion is noted.  The bilateral costophrenic angles are not well visualized, which may be secondary to trace pleural effusions versus atelectasis versus body habitus.  The upper lung fields are grossly clear without lobar consolidation or pneumothorax.  Heart is moderately enlarged and the descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. Impression: Stable, moderate cardiomegaly and mild central vascular pulmonary congestion.  Possible trace bilateral pleural effusions.  No lobar consolidation.']
['Findings: Upright AP and lateral radiographs of the chest.   The lungs are hyperinflated, with evidence of parenchymal scarring. ? large bulla posteriorly on the lateral view versus artifact due to atelectasis. No chf, focal infiltrate or gross effusion is identified. Minimal blunting of both costphrenic angles present. There is no pneumothorax. There is mild cardiomegaly, with a left ventricular configuration and slight aortic unfolding.   An  incomplete azygos fissure is noted in the right lung apex. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Hyperinflated lungs, suggestive of COPD.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The patient is status post sternotomy.  A tubular structure along the course of the left anterior descending coronary artery is suggestive of a stent.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The sternotomy wires are intact. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The patient is status post sternotomy.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  The lungs appear clear.  There has been no significant change. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Median sternotomy wires and post CABG changes are again noted
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there again are low lung volumes.  Bibasilar opacifications are consistent with layering effusions and underlying atelectasis.  No evidence of pulmonary edema or increase in cardiac size.', 'Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is noted with clips seen along the medial aspect of the right base.  Atelectasis is seen in the right lung base, but no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with associated mild right basilar atelectasis.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality otherwise demonstrated.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph from less than 2 hr earlier, the endotracheal tube has been withdrawn a few cm, now terminating 7.7 cm above the carina.  This could be advanced a few cm for standard positioning.  Exam is otherwise
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: There are no old chest x-rays available for comparison.  The ET tube is 6 cm above the carina.  NG tube tip is off the film, at least in the stomach.  The right hemidiaphragm is mildly elevated.  There is volume loss in the right lower lobe and a probable small right effusion.  A small right infiltrate in the right lower lobe cannot be excluded.  There is a small amount of retrocardiac volume loss.  Otherwise, the left lung is clear. Impression: ']
['Findings: Chronic left-sided pleural opacification extending from the lateral costophrenic sulcus along the peripheral left pleural surface is similar to the prior CT which demonstrated pleural effusion.  Adjacent linear scarring is present in the left mid and lower lung.  Localize scarring is also seen in the right lung base.  Heart is mildly enlarged and demonstrates new or pericardial calcifications, best visualized on the lateral view. Impression: Chronic left-sided pleural opacification, which may reflect chronic pleural effusion with or without a component of pleural thickening.  Calcified pericardial thickening.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate no significant change in right upper lobe post-radiation treatment fibrosis and traction bronchiectasis with mild elevation of the right hilum. The lungs are hyperinflated with bilateral upper lobe emphysema.  Ovoid opacity in the right upper lobe likely represents an area of fibrosis as seen on prior CT from ___.  The lungs are otherwise well expanded and clear and the pleural surfaces are normal without pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Mild mediastinal shift is unchanged from ___ and is likely related to post-radiation scarring and fibrosis.  Heart size, mediastinal contour and hila are unchanged in configuration from ___. The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: 1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 2.  Chronic right suprahilar scarring, fibrosis and traction bronchiectasis is unchanged however can not exclude underlying subtle lesion which would be better assessed with CT.  3.  Right upper lobe ovoid opacity likely represents an area of scarring and is best assessed on ___ CT.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar cont
['Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged, unchanged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are similar.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.    Subsegmental atelectasis is noted in both lung bases.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. There may be minimal pulmonary vascular congestion. Impression: No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are obtained.  The lungs are clear and well expanded.  No focal consolidation, effusion, pneumothorax.  Heart and mediastinal contours are normal.  Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right he
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices are unchanged.  Again there is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, though the degree of vascular congestion appears to be decreasing. The left hemidiaphragm is better seen, suggesting some improvement in pleural fluid and retrocardiac volume loss.', 'Findings: Compared to the prior study there is no significant interval change. Impression: No change.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there are lower lung volumes.  Monitoring and support devices are stable.  Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with some elevation of pulmonary venous pressure.  The right hemidiaphragm is now sharply seen.  This could reflect clearing of pleural effusion or merely be a manifestation of a more upright position of the patient.  Opacification at the left base silhouetting the hemidiaphragm is again consistent with pleural fluid and volume loss in the left lower lobe.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices are essentially unchanged.  There is continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with mild elevation of pulmonary ven
['Findings: The lung volumes are low and the heart is mildly enlarged.  Bibasilar atelectasis is present, right greater than left. There is no large pleural effusion. Indistinctness of the pulmonary vasculature at the bilateral hila reflects mild pulmonary edema. There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema, with cardiomegaly and bibasilar atelectasis. No large effusion noted.', 'Findings: Compared with the prior radiograph, the pulmonary edema is slightly improved, however not significantly changed. Moderate cardiomegaly and a tortuous aorta are stable. Lung volumes continue to be low. No evidence of pneumothorax or new focal consolidation. Bilateral effusions are greater on the right, unchanged. Impression: Slight improvement in the pulmonary edema. No new focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.', 'Findings: Moderate cardiomegaly is stable. Aorta is tortuous. There are low lung volumes. Moderate pulmonary edema has worsened. Bibasilar opacities are likely atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax. Bilateral effusions are small larger on the right. Imp
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate a left chest wall Port-A-Cath, which is seen with its catheter tip extending to the level of the mid SVC region.  The lungs appear clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Old right rib cage deformities appear chronic.  No definite signs of acute fracture. Impression: No acute injuries.']
['Findings: There is a nasogastric tube, which terminates in the mid esophagus, and needs to be advanced substantially for optimal positioning.  The lung volumes are low, and there are bilateral hazy opacities in the lung bases, suggestive of a combination of atelectasis and pleural effusion.  There is engorgement of the pulmonary vasculature, with mild pulmonary edema.  Heart size is unchanged.  There is no pneumothorax, and there is no focal opacity to suggest pneumonia. Impression: 1.  Nasogastric tube terminates in the mid esophagus, needs to be advanced for optimal positioning. 2.  Low lung volumes, with small effusions and atelectasis. 3.  Pulmonary vascular engorgement and mild pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Malpositioned NG tube, requires advancement for optimal positioning.  2.  Small bilateral pleural effusions with associated atelectasis.  3.  Resolved pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are markedly diminished with resultant subsegmental atelectasis at the bases.  No consolidation or edema is noted.  The medi
['Findings: Moderate right and small left pleural effusions are again noted.  There is adjacent atelectasis, particularly at the right lung base.  There is no pulmonary edema.  There is calcified granuloma in the right midlung.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but stable.  Median sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are again noted.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Persistent right greater than left pleural effusions.', 'Findings: ___.  Debris may pacemaker lead in the RV, previously cold in the RA, is now uncoiled.  ___ tube is above the carina and a NG tube is in the stomach.  Plate atelectasis in the right mid lung field again seen.  Bilateral pleural effusions present as previously.  No consolidation.  Or pulmonary edema. Impression: Pacemaker wire uncoided in RV.  Bilateral pleural effusions.  ___ tube and NG tube in appropriate positions.', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube in situ below the level of the medial clavicles approximately 25 mm proximal to the carina.  Left-sided I
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  There is mild central peribronchial cuffing which could reflect airways inflammation. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: Bronchial cuffing may reflect central airways inflammation. No lobar consolidation.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal. Lungs are grossly clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Bony structures are normal.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate stable severe cardiomegaly with significant mitral annular calcification.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Stable severe cardiomegaly with mitral annular calcifications.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Single portable view of the chest is compared to previous exam from ___.  Exam is limited due to portable technique.  Given differences in positioning, noting lordosis on the current exam, there has been no significant interval change.  There is no definite confluent consolidation.  Mild cardiomegaly is also likely accentuated for the reasons stated above.  Dense mitral annular calcifications are noted.  Osseous structures are grossly unremarkable.  There is mild left lateral deviation of the trachea just proximal to the thoracic inlet, raising the possibility of underlying thyroid enlargement. Impression: 1.  Probable mild cardiomegaly without definite acute cardiopulmonary process given positioning and technique. 2.  Possible mild left tracheal deviation,
['Findings: The patient is intubated.  The endotracheal tube terminates approximately 7 cm above the carina near the thoracic inlet.  An orogastric tube enters the stomach, where it makes a single coil.  The heart is normal in size.  There is mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta.  The aortic arch is calcified.  There is flattening of the left costophrenic angle suggesting there may be a small pleural effusion or perhaps chronic scarring or plate-like atelectasis at this site.  Moderate relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is noted with streaky opacities at the right lung base suggesting minor atelectasis.  Otherwise, the lungs appear clear. Impression: 1.  No evidence of acute disease.  2.  Endotracheal tube terminating approximately 7 cm above the carina.  If clinically indicated, advancing the tube by 2-3 cm could be considered for more optimal positioning.  3.  Moderate relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there has been placement of a nasogastric
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate symmetric well-expanded, clear lungs.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart is normal in size and cardiomediastinal contour is unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  No focal consolidation, edema, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinum is not widened.  No acute osseous abnormality.  There is a focal small calcified granuloma laterally near the tip of the left scapula. Impression: No pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: The support lines and tubes have been removed since the prior study.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  There are no focal consolidations, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. There are no pneumothoraces.', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube tip is low lying, terminating approximately 1.9 cm from the carina.  Enteric tube tip and side port terminate within the stomach.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lung volumes are low with crowding of bronchovascular structures.  There is mild upper zone vascular redistribution which may be due to supine positioning.  Patchy opacities are noted in the lung bases, possibly atelectasis.  No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Contrast is noted within the collecting systems bilaterally as well as within the left colon possibly from recent CT examination. Impression: Endotracheal tube tip is slightly low lying, approximately 1.9 cm the carina, and should be pulled back by approximately 1 cm.  Enteric tube tip in standard position.  Mild bibasilar
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  Median sternotomy wires are noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Mild bibasilar atelectasis is similar to the prior study.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  Again seen are multiple left-sided rib fractures. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Single AP upright portable view of the chest was obtained.  Multiple old left-sided rib fractures are again seen, involving at least the left third, fourth and seventh ribs.  No evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  There is no focal consolidation.  No large pleural effusion is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process, specifically, no evidence of pneumothorax.  Multiple old left-sided rib fractures again seen.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. There is no overt pulmonary edema.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  The hilar contours are stable. 
['Findings: Moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is re- demonstrated. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is noted without overt pulmonary edema.  There is minimal atelectasis in the lung bases, but no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is visualized. Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis and mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  No focal consolidation to indicate pneumonia.', 'Findings: As compared to prior chest radiograph from ___, an opacity seen in the left mid lung zone has improved.  There are no new focal consolidations, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. The heart is substantially enlarged, with enlargement of the left atrium.  There is substantial tortuosity of the aorta. Impression: No radiographic evidence of an acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  In the interval, the lung volumes have decreased.  The size of the cardiac silhouette continues to be mildly enlarged.  The current radiograph shows signs of mild pulmonary edema.  In addition, there is a new p
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are normal. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette, mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  No pleural effusions. No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  Mild deviation of the trachea towards the right, likely caused by that tortuous ascending aorta. Currently there is no evidence of pathologic mediastinal contours or of lung nodules and masses.', 'Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The aorta is mildly tortuous.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated but clear of consolidation.  Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged normal in size. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy CABG.  Left-sided dual-chamber pacemaker device is demonstrated with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle.  Moderate cardiomegaly is re- demonstrated.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is visualized. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Left chest wall dual lead pacing device is again noted.  Median sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are seen.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  Degree of cardiomegaly is unchanged. No acute osseous abnormalities Impression: Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There are pacemakers overlying the chest bilaterally, with leads that appear intact in the right atrium, and two in the right ventricle.  The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG, with sternotomy wires that
['Findings: There are streaky bibasilar opacities.  Lung volumes are relatively low.  No definite areas of consolidation are identified.  Cardiomediastinal hilar contours are unremarkable.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: Streaky bibasilar opacities are consistent with atelectasis.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrates the lungs are well expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is no overt pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No focal consolidation is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of pneumonia, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  Mitral annular calcifications are noted.  In the interim since the prior study appears that the patient has had a right-sided orthopedic shoulder surgery. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are hyperinflated but clear of consolidation or large effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits noting a slightly tortuous aorta.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is a larger consolidation involving the right upper lobe.  Underlying right apical fluid is not excluded. No evidence of pleural effusion elsewhere. No pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Large area of right upper lobe opacity/ consolidation may be due to pneumonia. Pulmonary hemorrhage or component of aspiration would also be in the differential. Recommend followup to resolution.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax.  There is no free subdiaphragmatic gas.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.No pleural abnormality is seen. Impression: No suspicious nodule or mass identified.', "Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change.  The previously described opacities response to the nipples, as documented by nipple markers on today's examination.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia.  Moderate scoliosis of the thoracic spine.", 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  There is a somewhat nodular opacity projecting over the left lung base and the anterior left sixth rib.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Somewhat nodular opacity projecting over the left lung base.  This could represent superimposed shadows including nipple shadow however dedicated, repeat exam with nipple markers is suggested to further characterize.', 'Findings: The lungs are fully extended and clear.  A small calcified granuloma is present in the left lower lobe.  The cardiomediastinal
['Findings:  Impression: No radiographic evidence for congestive heart failure or pneumonia.', 'Findings: Tubing from nasal cannula as well as multiple wires from monitoring devices are noted throughout the chest.  Overlying the right supraclavicular region there is a small catheter, likely an EJ line.   The lungs are well expanded.  There is a linear opacity across the right lower lobe which was present on previous exam suggesting scarring/atelectasis.  Left basilar atelectasis is unchanged from prior.  The cardiomediastinal contour is unchanged.  The aorta is tortuous. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Bony structures appear intact. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Comparison is made to prior study from ___.  There is an endotracheal tube whose tip is 1 cm from the carina.  This needs to be pulled back 2 to 3 cm for more optimal placement and was mentioned on the prior study as well, pointing toward the right mainstem bronchus.  There is a right-sided central line with distal lead tip at the distal SVC.
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal appearance of the lung parenchyma.  No evidence of pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours. Impression: ']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little interval change.  There is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the hemidiaphragms, consistent with chronic pulmonary disease.  There is accentuation of interstitial markings, consistent with chronic process as well.  However, no evidence of acute pneumonia or vascular congestion.  Blunting of the costophrenic angle on the left is essentially unchanged. Impression: Little change.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are stable with widening mediastinum and normal heart.  Dilatation of the esophagus is better seen in prior CT. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The osseous structures are unremarkable.  There has been interval decrease in pneumoperitoneum Impression: Decrease in pneumoperitoneum', 'Findings: Frontal lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Calcification of two of three expected arch vessels is similar to prior.  No radiopaque foreign body. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected.  Diffuse atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta are noted.  Clips in the upper abdomen are likely due to prior cholecystectomy.  No
['Findings: Portable AP chest radiograph demonstrates low lung volumes.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  There is minimal atlectasis at the left base.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears enlarged but is likely due to technical reasons. Impression: No evidence of pleural effusion or focal consolidation.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are low with mild secondary vascular congestion.  ICD device seen with unchanged from prior exam. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.', 'Findings: Left-sided pacemaker device is noted with 1 lead terminating in the right atrium, and 2 leads terminating in the right ventricle, unchanged.  Mild cardiomegaly is stable.  The aorta remains unfolded.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  The hilar contours are unchanged.  The lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities are seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema.  . Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Mild asymmetric likely pleural thickening right greater than left, has not substantially changed since ___ and likely benign.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: No unfavorable change.  Within the limitations of chest radiograph, no malignancy in the thorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: A right-sided PICC line terminates in the lower superior vena cava. The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  A right lower lobe consolidation is not well seen but was depicted on the recent prior CT.  In the left mid lung, there is vague increased opacity in the left lower lung. Pulmonary vasculature appears minimally prominent.  Chronic-appearing left-sided rib deformities are unchanged. Impression: Developing patchy opacity at the left lower lung.  Pneumonia or atelectasis could be considered.  Short-term followup radiographs may be helpful.  A consolidation seen on CT performed since the prior chest radiographs is not well visualized given that it lies posterior to the right hemidiaphragm.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: IMPRESSION (PFI): ___ ___ 2:14 PM  Unchanged mild interstitial prominence suggestive of mild edema, likely  cardiogenic.  No focal consolidation. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The aortic arch is calcified.  A large hiatal hernia is re- demonstrated.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unchanged. Streaky right lower lobe opacity with bronchial wall thickening is again re- demonstrated.  Left lung is clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is definitively noted, with mild scarring seen at the lung apices.  Diffuse demineralization of the osseous structures is noted. Impression: 1. Persistent streaky opacity in the right lower lobe with bronchial wall thickening suggestive of an infectious process.  2. Large hiatal hernia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lung volumes are low with bibasilar atelectasis again noted.  Difficult to exclude a superimposed pneumonia.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size appears grossly unchanged.  Mediastinal contour is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air seen below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis, difficult to exclude a subtle superimposed pneumonia.', 'Findings: Low lung volumes are noted, and there are streaky bibasilar opacities which likely reflect atelectasis.  No focal consolidation or pleural effusion is seen.  There is no overt pulmonary edema, and the cardiac silhouette is normal in size. Impression: Low lung volumes.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are markedly low limiting assessment with bronchovascular crowding and atelectasis of the lung bases.  No convincing signs of pneumonia, effusion or pneumothorax.  No hilar congestion or edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaph
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were compared to previous exam from ___.  Biapical scarring is again seen.  The lungs are otherwise clear without consolidation or effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are grossly unremarkable noting some calcifications in the left upper quadrant. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged, but decreased in size compared to the prior study.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities are seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are low.  The lungs appear clear within the limitations of technique.  The heart is at the upper limits of normal size with a left ventricular configuration.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear however mildly underinflated.  There is no consolidation or pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.  There is mild cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours are normal.  There is no osseous abnormality. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Mild stable cardiomegaly.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: AP supine portable chest radiograph is obtained.  Endotracheal tube tip resides 2.5 cm above the carina.  NG tube courses into the left upper abdomen, tip not included in field of imaging.  The lungs appear mostly clear bilaterally.  There may be a tiny retrocardiac atelectasis.  No large effusion is seen.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  No bony abnormalities are detected. Impression: ET and NG tubes positioned appropriately.  Possible left lower lobe mild atelectasis.']
['Findings: PA and lateral images of the chest.  The lungs are well expanded.  There is a retrocardiac opacity which likely represents atelectasis, but cannot rule out pneumonia or aspiration in the right clinical setting.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  Indication on the right aspect of the trachea is again seen, possibly related to a prominent right thyroid lobe. Impression: Opacity in the left lower lobe, likely representing atelectasis, but cannot rule aspiration or pneumonia in the right clinical setting.', 'Findings: Single frontal and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates unremarkable mediastinal and hilar contours.  Heart size is top normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax present. Mild indentation of right tracheal contour may be due to enlarged thyroid. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process. Rightsided indentation of thyroid may be due to enlarged thyroid. Correlate with clinical exam.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views are provided.  There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  Calcified pleural plaques are again widespread along the left hemithorax, most often seen in the setting of prior asbestos exposure, although reaction to a pleural effusion of other cause might be considered, noting that these are apparently unilateral.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lung parenchyma appears clear.  There is again moderate rightward convex curvature centered at thoracolumbar junction with multilevel degenerative changes.  The bones appear demineralized. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: Single portable upright frontal images chest. The lungs are hyperinflated.  No focal mass is seen.  Calcified pleural plaques are again noted in the left lung laterally.  The heart is top-normal in size.  Dense atherosclerotic calcifications are noted.  Degenerative changes and scoliosis are seen in the spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views the chest were provided.  Acute mildly displaced fractures of the left sixth and seventh lateral arch noted.  No pneumothorax or effusion.  No focal consolidation or edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: Acute fractures of the left sixth and seventh rib, along the lateral arch.  No pneumothorax or effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Lungs are essentially clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax present.']
['Findings: Right chest wall deformity is again noted and unchanged in appearance, likely a combination of post-traumatic and post-surgical findings. Right pleural thickening and bronchiectasis is likewise unchanged.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size with atherosclerotic calcification seen in the aortic arch.  Surgical clips are seen in the left upper quadrant from nephrectomy.  Nodular opacity seen over the left lung is increased in size to 8mm. Other nodules seen on subsequent chest CT not as well seen on the radiograph. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process. Increased size of left pulmonary nodule, please refer to subsequent CT for full evaluation.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding similar study of ___.  Heart size is at the upper limit of normal variation, but unchanged in comparison with the preceding examination.  Unchanged appearance of thoracic aorta, no new mediastinal abnormalities are seen.  Right-sided hemithorax comparably small in volume related to previous right
['Findings: Single AP upright portable view of the chest was obtained.  Single-lead left-sided pacemaker is seen with lead extending to the expected position of the right ventricle.  There is left base opacity and obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm which may be due to atelectasis and underlying consolidation, trace left pleural effusion may be present.  The right lung is clear and relatively hyperinflated.  The cardiac silhouette is enlarged.  The aortic knob is calcified.  Surgical clips are seen in the right upper quadrant. Impression: Left base opacity may be due to combination of atelectasis and trace pleural effusion versus consolidation due to infection.  Enlarged cardiac silhouette.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there are extremely low lung volumes with striking elevation of the left hemidiaphragmatic contour related to a large hiatal hernia.  There is suggestion of mild indistinctness of pulmonary vessels, though this could be a manifestation of the lung volumes rather than vascular congestion. If the condition of the patient permits, a lateral view could be helpful to evaluate the retrocardiac area as well as the area behind the hiatal hernia.  NOTIFICATION:   Dr. ___.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: There is a large left hiatal hernia occupying the left lower hemi thorax. Where seen, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation. There is no right-sided pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Chronic degenerative changes noted at the shoulders bilaterally. Impression: Large hiatal hernia occupying a significant portion of the left hemithorax. No definite superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Again seen is a large complex hiatal hernia containing loops of bowel with what is thought to be prominent air-
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear of consolidation or effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is mild to moderately enlarged.  There is mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Mild hyperinflation is suspected.  There are flowing osteophytes along the mid to lower thoracic spine. Impression: Cardiomegaly.  No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: The heart remains moderately enlarged but stable.  The lungs are hyperinflated but clear with no evidence of a consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Anterior osteophytes are again noted throughout the thoracic spine.  No acute fractures are noted. Impression: Stable cardiomegaly with no acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Pacer leads end in the expected location the lungs are hyperinflated but clear.  There is bibasilar atelectasis.  Pleural thickening on the left is likely postsurgical.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable. Impression: No pneumothorax.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 1:05 PM, 10 minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___, and endotracheal tube is been placed and is in standard position.  Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are remarkable for focal atelectasis in the left retrocardiac region.  No definite pneumothorax, but left apex is been excluded from the study, limiting assessment for small apical pneumothorax.', 'Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Degenerative changes are present throughout the thoracic spine with extensive anterior bridging osteophyte formation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___ ___.  Lungs fully expanded and clear.  Normal cardiomed
['Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  No pleural abnormality is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: A right-sided PICC line terminates in the upper SVC.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: No previous images.  Relatively low lung volumes may account for much of the prominence of the transverse diameter of the heart.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  No evidence of acute focal pneumonia.  Prominence of the hilar regions may be a manifestation of the low lung volumes. Impression: ']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The aorta is mildly tortuous.  Mediastinal hilar contours are otherwise within normal limits.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Minimal atelectasis is demonstrated in both lower lobes.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There mild degenerative changes seen within the thoracic spine. Impression: No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, effusion or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiac silhouette is mild-to-moderately enlarged, similar when compared to prior exam.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperexpanded.  In combination with relative hyperlucency superiorly and linear opacities, there is likely underlying COPD. No focal consolidation worrisome for infection, edema nor effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Hyperinflation and probable COPD without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Right basilar chest tube is again noted.  There has been interval decrease in size of the right pleural effusion which is now small, with a trace left pleural effusion also noted.  The heart size is mildly enlarged but unchanged. The aorta remains moderately tortuous with diffuse atherosclerotic calcifications.  There is mild interstitial pulmonary edema which appears asymmetrically more pronounced on the right.  Streaky bibasilar opacities are likely reflective of atelectasis.  No pneumothorax. No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated. Impression: Right basal chest tube in place with interval decrease in size of the right pleural effusion which is now small.  Trace left pleural effusion also noted.  Mild interstitial pulmonary edema which appears asymmetrically more pronounced on the right, with bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, there has been a right thoracentesis with substantial removal of pleural fluid.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  Some residual pleural fluid with basilar atelectasis persists.  Otherwise, little change. Impression: ', 'Findings: A
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Heart size and mediastinal contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Coarse lung markings at the bases bilaterally likely secondary to chronic interstitial changes. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Single portable view of the chest.  There are multiple skin-folds projecting over the right hemithorax in a different configuration compared to prior.  Of note, lung markings are not seen at the periphery on the right nor on the left, which is likely due to technique and patient as opposed to confirmatory evidence of a pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: Suspected right-sided skin-fold mimicking a pneumothorax; however, confirmation with PA and lateral performed in the radiology department to eliminate this finding is suggested to confirm.  Findings were discussed with ___ resident at 9:20 p.m. on ___.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  There is no focal consolidation or definite effusion noting that the right posterior costophrenic angle is excluded from the view on the lateral exam.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified noting hypertrophic changes in the thoracic spine.
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There are persistent opacities in the left lower lobe in the lingula as well as in the right lower lung, probably in the right lower lobe.  However, opacities have generally improved somewhat.  The overall pulmonary vascularity appears decreased in prominence suggesting resolution of coinciding pulmonary congestion.  An inferior vena cava filter is noted in the upper abdomen to the right of midline. Impression: Findings consistent with multifocal pneumonia with improvement.  Resolution of pulmonary congestion.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were provided. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is notable for a tortuous aorta.  The bones are intact. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Normal heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours.  A left PICC ends in the mid SVC. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No pneumonia', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiograph ___.  Lung volumes have improved.  Cardiomegaly is moderate.  No pulmonary edema pleural effusion or consolidation.  Esophageal drainage tube ends in the upper portion of a nondistended stomach.', 'Findings:  Impression: NG tube tip is in the stomach.  Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Lungs overall clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographdemonstrates well expanded and clear lungs.No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size, mediastinal contour, and hila are unremarkable. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The are increased bibasilar opacities which may represent combination of moderate to large pleural effusions and atelectasis common with pulmonary edema, although underlying consolidation is not excluded. The cardiac silhouette is obscured and not well evaluated. The aorta is densely calcified. No pneumothorax is seen. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation.  No acute displaced rib fractures are identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low, which results in bronchovascular crowding.  Increased interstitial markings likely reflect low lung volumes rather than pulmonary edema.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: Low lung volumes with increased interstitial markings.  No frank pulmonary edema present.']
['Findings: The lungs are free of focal consolidations, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema.  Sutures are noted in the right shoulder. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Two PA and one lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  The lungs are well inflated and clear.  No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax is present.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Low lung volumes.  Biapical pleural thickening.  There are linear opacities at the bases bilaterally, representing atelectasis.  There is a subcentimeter dense nodule, at the left apex, which represents a calcified granuloma.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  Heart size is stable.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The patient is status post vertebroplasty at multiple thoracic and lumbar levels. Impression: Linear opacities at the bases bilaterally, which likely represents atelectasis due to low lung volumes, however aspiration cannot be excluded.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the chest tube has been removed and there is no evidence of appreciable pneumothorax.  No pneumonia or vascular congestion.', 'Findings: were discussed with Dr ___ ___D. by ___, ___D. on the telephone on ___ at ___:___ PM, 2 minutes after discovery of the findings. Impression: Compared to chest radiograph ___.  Small right apical pneumothorax is slightly smaller.  Heterogeneous opacification at both lung bases is probably due to aspiration or, alternatively, pulmonary contusion.  Small right pleural effusion is new.  Severe gaseous distention of the stomach has progressed.  Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes.  .  NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed with Dr ___ ___D. by ___, ___D. on the telephone on ___ at ___:___ PM, 2 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, there may be slight decrease in the opacification at the bases.  Otherwise little change.  Small apical pneumothorax is
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and well-aerated lungs.  There is subtly increased opacity in the right infrahilar region compared to ___, without a clear correlate on lateral view.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable, with high density contrast material within the colon. Impression: Subtly increased opacity in the right infrahilar region compared to ___, which may represent an early developing pneumonia.']
["Findings: Be Impression: Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum, and pleural surfaces.  No evidence of intrathoracic malignancy or infection, including tuberculosis.  NOTIFICATION:  Callback number was paged unsuccessfully twice.  Findings were reported to the physician's office by telephone when they called.", 'Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax.  The lung parenchyma has normal structure and transparency.  Currently, there is no evidence of pneumonia or other acute lung disease.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours. Impression: ', 'Findings: There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: The patient is somewhat kyphotic in positioning.  The right PICC line tip is in the SVC right atrial junction.  There is no pneumothorax. There is atelectasis/consolidation in the left lung base.  There may be a small left effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: The left hemidiaphragm is better visualized and this may be related to decrease in the previously noted density at the left base.  There are no new areas of consolidation.  There is no pneumothorax or CHF.  The PICC line is unchanged.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to a chest radiographs ___.   Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.  No evidence of pneumonia or complications of asthma.  Thoracolumbar scoliosis is mild.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal heart size.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No displaced rib fracture identified. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  Left shoulder hardware is partially imaged.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.  Left chest surgical clips appear similar to prior. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Patient is status post CABG. . The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Left shoulder arthroplasty is noted Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Mild cardiomegaly.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified.  Status post left shoulder arthroplasty.  Multiple surgical clips are noted along the left mediastinum. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  If there is persistent clinical concern for
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Dense atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic arch.  No acute osseous abnormalities, hypertrophic changes noted in the spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are clear. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  Atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic arch.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise unremarkable.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are notable for mild hypertrophic changes in the spine and degenerative changes at the acromioclavicular joints. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lung volume is low.  No consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion is identified.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  A 3 mm right upper lobe calcified granuloma is again seen, unchanged from prior. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  3 mm nodule projects over the right upper lobe, potentially a granuloma. Lungs are otherwise clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. 3 mm right upper lobe nodule, potentially a granuloma. If the patient has risk factors for primary lung malignancy, consider a dedicated chest CT
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the known right pneumothorax is unchanged.  No evidence of tension. Appearance of the cardiac silhouette and of the left lung persist.', 'Findings: The visualized mediastinal structures are unremarkable.  There is no cardiomegaly present.  There is no evidence of effusion.  No focal consolidations or infiltrates.  Interval resolution of right-sided pneumothorax. Impression: Interval resolution of right-sided pneumothorax.  Normal chest x-ray.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the current expiratory film shows an unchanged dimension of the known right apical lateral pneumothorax. The diameter of the pneumothorax is approximately 1-2 cm. There is no evidence of tension.  Unchanged appearance of the heart and the left lung.', 'Findings:  Impression: Right pleural tube has been partially withdrawn, terminating at the apex. Tiny right apical pneumothorax new or newly apparent.  No appreciable right pleural effusion.  The related decrease in right upper lobe pulmonary contusion. Lung
['Findings: should be clearly marked and imaged with either bone detail radiographs or Chest CT scanning. Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___.  All lungs low in volume but grossly clear.  Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces.   Although no acute fracture or other chest wall lesion is seen, conventional chest radiographs are not sufficient for detection or characterization of most such abnormalities. If the demonstration of trauma to the chest wall is clinically warranted,  the location of any referrable focal findings  should be clearly marked and imaged with either bone detail radiographs or Chest CT scanning.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Mild improvement in pulmonary edema with unchanged basal atelectasis and small effusions.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Bedside AP radiograph of the chest demonstrates interval improvement in the extent of pulmonary edema compared to yesterday.  There is right lower lobe collapse and extensive atelectasis of the left lower lobe, both of which have progressed.   The left costophrenic angle now appears sharper, indicating interval clearance of the pleural effusion.  There is likely persistent small right pleural effusion.  The upper lung fields are clear.  Slight widening of the upper mediastinum is consistent with vascular engorgement.  There is no pneumothorax.  The new right internal jugular central venous catheter along with the pre-existing right internal jugular catheter terminates appropriately in the lower SVC.  An endotracheal tube terminates no less than 4.5 cm above the carina.  An orogastric tube courses into the stomach and out of the field of view. Impression: 1.  Interval improvement in the severity of congestive heart failure evidenced
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The lungs are hyperinflated, with flattening of the diaphragms.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  There is a minimal biapical pleural thickening.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Previously seen left lower lobe opacity in is resolved, consistent with clearing of pneumonia.  Minimal residual bronchial thickening is noted in the left lower lobe.  There is no consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal size. Impression: Previous Left lower lobe pneumonia is resolved, except minimal residual bronchial thickening.', 'Findings: Focal consolidation in the left lower lobe is compatible with pneumonia.  The right lung is clear.  No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinum is not widened.  The hila is within normal limits.  Bilateral apical pleural thickening is minimal.  Dextroconvex scoliosis of the visualized thoracic spine minimal. Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Interval radiograph follow-up in ___ weeks after appropriate treatment to ensure resolution could be performed.  NOTIFICATION:   The impression and recommendation above was entered by Dr. ___ on ___ at 13:16 into the Department of
['Findings:  Impression: ___ on with the study of ___, the increased interstitial markings appear less prominent, suggesting that much of this was related to improving pulmonary vascular congestion.  Otherwise little change.', 'Findings: Low bilateral lung volumes.  No significant interval change in the appearance of the lung parenchyma.  Small left pleural effusion.  The size and appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Impression: Apart from lower lung volumes, there is no significant interval change since the prior study.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, there is little overall change.  Specifically, no definite increase in pulmonary vascular congestion.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are relatively low.  Increased interstitial markings are seen in the lungs particularly in the right upper lung.  Surgical chain sutures and clips project just lateral to the right hilum.  Right-sided volume loss is noted with rightward tracheal deviation.  There is no focal consolidation.  Blunting of the posterior costophrenic angles could be due to small effusions or pleural thickening.  Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. Tortuosity
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest were acquired.  The lungs are clear.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal.  There are no pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  The heart size is at the upper limit of normal variation.  No typical configurational abnormality is identified.  Thoracic aorta of ordinary ___ without evidence of local contour abnormality.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  On both lung bases there exists some linear densities slightly more on the right than on the left side.  These appear to be peripheral atelectasis occurring in a patient with shallow inspiratory activity.  Acute parenchymal infiltrates cannot be identified and the lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free from any major fluid accumulation.  No pneumothorax in the apical area.  Skeletal structures of the thorax grossly unremarkable.  Comparison is made with the next available previous chest examination dated ___; findings are grossly identical.  Thus, no evidence of new acute pulmonary processes. Impression: ', 'Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest:  There are tiny bilateral pleural effusions.  There is no pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  The heart size is enlarged but unchanged.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion consistent with
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided.  Lungs are clear and well inflated.  No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax is seen. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Imaged osseous structures are intact. Nipple jewelry seen bilaterally. Impression: No signs of pneumonia.']
["Findings: A single AP radiograph of the chest was acquired.  There are chronic reticular opacities throughout the right lung as well as at the left lung base, not significantly changed compared to radiographs dating back to ___, allowing for slight underpenetration on today's study.  There is no new focal consolidation.  The heart size and mediastinal contours are not significantly changed dating back through ___.  There are no definite pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax is seen. Impression: Chronic interstitial fibrotic disease throughout the right lung as well as at the left lung base, not significantly changed compared to radiographs dating back through ___.  No new focal consolidation.", 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Comparison is made to the previous study from ___.  Heart size is prominent but stable.  There is again seen coarsening of the bronchovascular markings, right side worse than left.  Findings are suggestive of a chronic lung disease with areas of scarring.  Underlying pulmonary edema would be difficult to exclude.  There are no large pleural effusions. Impression: ', "Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest are compared
['Findings: The lungs are clear of airspace or interstitial opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute or aggressive osseus changes.  Mild pectus deformity. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Mild pectus deformity.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there has been clearing of the atelectatic changes at both bases.  Hyperexpansion is again consistent with chronic pulmonary disease, though there is no evidence of acute focal pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings: Supine portable AP view of the chest was provided.  An endotracheal tube is seen with its tip residing approximately 5.4 cm above the carina.  The NG tube is also new with its tip extending to the left upper abdomen.  Patient rotated to the left which limits evaluation.  Opacities in the lower lungs are essentially unchanged, though perhaps minimally increased on the left. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate stable cardiomediastinal and hilar contours.  No cardiomegaly evident.  There are new bibasilar opacification, left greater than right, which may be related to worsening chronic lung changes given the appearance of background emphysema; however, developing infectious process is a consideration.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax evident.  No osseous abnormality evident. Impression:
["Findings: Lung volumes are low.  Heart size is top-normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Linear opacity in the left lung base likely reflects an area of subsegmental atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or definite pneumothorax is detected, however the right apex is somewhat obscured by the patient's neck and chin projecting over this area.  Left axillary clips are noted.  There appear to be mildly displaced fractures of the right lateral fifth through seventh ribs. Impression: Mildly displaced right lateral fifth through seventh rib fractures.  No definite pneumothorax or pleural effusion."]
['Findings: No previous images.  The heart is normal in size and the lungs are clear without vascular congestion or pleural effusion.  There is mild hyperexpansion of the lungs, raising the possibility of some underlying chronic pulmonary disease. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest were provided.  Bilateral pleural effusions are again noted without significant change from prior exam.  There is pulmonary vascular congestion with interstitial edema noted.  The heart size appears grossly stable.  No pneumothorax.  Bony structures appear grossly intact. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema with stable bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings: The heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  Mild perihilar fullness is present.  Bilateral pleural effusions with associated atelectasis are present.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Small moderate bilateral pleural effusions with associated atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Enlargement of the right hilus could be a mass.  Additionally, there are persistent bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar consolidation. The lungs are otherwise clear.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Possible right hilar mass.  Recommend CT scan for further evaluation. 2.  Bibasilar pleural effusions and consolidation concerning for atelectasis
['Findings:  Impression: There is cardiomegaly, stable.  There is mild pulmonary edema.  There are opacities within the lung bases and within the right upper lobe which may represent asymmetric pulmonary edema versus pneumonia. Followup to resolution is recommended.  No pneumothoraces are identified.', 'Findings: . Asymmetrically distributed combined alveolar and interstitial pattern has slightly worsened.  Although possibly due to asymmetrical edema, superimposed infectious process should be considered in the appropriate clinical setting. As some of the opacities in the right lung have a somewhat nodular contour, followup radiographs to ensure complete resolution are suggested. Small right pleural effusion is also demonstrated, but there is no visible pneumothorax. Impression: As compared to ___ radiograph, enlarged cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascular engorgement are persistent findings. Asymmetrically distributed combined alveolar and interstitial pattern has slightly worsened.  Although possibly due to asymmetrical edema, superimposed infectious process should be considered in the appropriate clinical setting. As some of the opacities in the right lung have a somewhat nodular contour, followup radiographs to ensure complete resolution are
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study ___ ___, there has been some improvement in the opacification at the bases, which most likely reflect residual atelectasis. Prominent enlargement of the cardiac silhouette process without vascular congestion, suggesting cardiomyopathy.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the left chest tube has been removed.  No convincing evidence of pneumothorax.  The other monitoring and support devices remain in place and there is little overall change in the appearance of the heart and lungs. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with a study of ___, the 3 pacer leads are in standard position. Again there is substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with left ventricular prominence. The indistinctness of pulmonary vessels is less prominent on the current study, consistent with improved pulmonary vascular status.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous image, the lung volumes have decreased. No other changes noted. Moderate to severe cardiomegaly.  Elongation of the descending aorta. The sternal wires and the pacemaker leads are in constant position. There is no evidence of larger pleural effusions, no signs
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings:  Impression: Increasing opacity in the left hemithorax is concerning for an evolving infectious process.  Close radiographic follow-up is warranted.  The right lung remains well aerated.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient is slightly rotated.  Known right calcified granuloma.  Unchanged appearance of the right lung.  Minimally increasing retrocardiac atelectasis on the left.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.  Unchanged overall size of the cardiac silhouette.  Unchanged course of the right PICC line. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Bibasilar opacities, left greater than right, probable dependent atelectasis, though pneumonia is in the differential in the appropriate clinical circumstance. 2.  Stable right upper lobe calcified granuloma.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear with no evidence of a consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The aorta appears tortuous.  Bones are diffusely demineralized and limited evaluation for an acute fracture.  However, no acute fractures are identified.  Mild degenerative changes are visualized throughout the thoracolumbar spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Osteopenia with no evidence of a fracture.']
['Findings:  Impression: Aside from mild platelike atelectasis and lower lung volumes compared to ___, lungs are clear.  Heart is top-normal size.  A very small right pleural effusion is appreciated only on the lateral view.  There is no pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Radiographs are under penetrated. Impression: Lung volumes are slightly lower compared to the prior examination.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Redemonstrated is increased opacification in the posterior left lower lobe, best seen on the lateral view. An accurate comparison is difficult due to differences in technique and lower lung volumes but the opacity appears similar to slightly worse.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Degenerative changes in the spine and shoulders are noted.  NOTIFICATION:  Posterior left lower lobe opacity is probably similar to slightly worse compared to the prior examination, but an accurate comparison is difficult due to changes in technique and lung volumes.  There is no relevant change otherwise.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates mild interstitial markings diffusely, likely not clinically significant.  No focal opacity is seen.  There is no pleural effusion identified.  The heart is mildly enlarged. No pulmonary edema is seen.  The hilar contour is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is seen. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly. Otherwise, chest radiograph is essentially unremarkable.']
['Findings: Compared to the prior study, there is minimal bibasilar atelectasis, which is new. No CHF, focal consolidation or effusion. No pneumothorax detected. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  Rounded right paratracheal density is noted, not appreciated on the prior film --?artifact due to confluence of bone and vascular shadows. Impression: 1. Minimal bibasilar atelectasis without other evidence of acute pulmonary process. 2. Rounded right paratracheal density --___ artifact due to overlap of vessel and bone. Attention to this area on followup films is requested.', 'Findings: No fracture is identified. There is an asymmetrical focal opacity overlying the right seventh anterior rib on the PA view which is not seen on lateral view.  It is uncertain whether this represents superimposition of soft tissue structures or a discrete lung parenchymal process such as focal contusion. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no free air below the diaphragm. Impression: 1. No fracture is identified. 2.  Nonspecific
['Findings:  Impression: 1. Left pleural effusion and atelectasis are unchanged from ___  2. Likely asymemtric edema, left more than right, but pneumonia in the left mid lung cannot be excluded given the slow clearance.', 'Findings: were recognized and we discussed them at 6:00 p.m.  Small right and left pleural effusions are unchanged.  Mild pulmonary edema has improved.  Upper lungs are clear.  Moderate cardiomegaly stable.  Drainage catheter, location uncertain projects over the left paramedian diaphragmatic region.  No pneumothorax. Impression: AP chest compared to ___, 6:20 a.m.:  Feeding tube with the wire stylet in place is folded over in a peripheral branch of the right lower lobe bronchus.  Dr. ___ was paged at 5:58 p.m. as soon as the findings were recognized and we discussed them at 6:00 p.m.  Small right and left pleural effusions are unchanged.  Mild pulmonary edema has improved.  Upper lungs are clear.  Moderate cardiomegaly stable.  Drainage catheter, location uncertain
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process', 'Findings:  Impression: Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there are lower lung volumes.  There is a vague area of increased opacification at the right base, which probably represents either a combination of vessels or mild atelectatic changes.  No evidence of left basilar consolidation, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Prior chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Previous consolidation in the right lung has resolved.  Lungs are clear.  Heart size top-normal.  No pulmonary edema pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Normal cardiomediastinal border.  Right middle lobe pneumonia with a possible
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: The heart size is within normal limits.  The mediastinal contours demonstrate calcified atherosclerotic disease of the aortic knob, but no widening.  The lungs are clear of consolidation.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  An old fracture is present at the distal left clavicle. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pre-existing parenchymal opacities have decreased in extent and severity.  There are no new parenchymal opacities.  Unchanged borderline size of the cardiac silhouette with mild retrocardiac atelectasis.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax.  Unchanged appearance of the hilar and mediastinal structures. Impression: ', 'Findings: A consolidation at the right base silhouetting the right hemidiaphragm is not significantly changed from the prior exam.  There is no new consolidation.  There is no pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  A right P
['Findings: Low lung volumes are again noted.  There is no consolidation, effusion, or edema.  Calcified granulomas noted in the lungs bilaterally.  Cardiac silhouette is top-normal.  Severe degenerative changes noted at the left shoulder.  Hypertrophic changes noted in spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___, no relevant change is seen.  Low lung volumes. Moderate cardiomegaly.  Mild elongation of the descending aorta.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.  The right central venous access line is stable.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is an placement of a right IJ catheter that extends to about the level of the cavoatrial junction.  No evidence of pneumothorax. Continued low lung volumes with enlargement of the heart and tortuosity of the aorta.  There may be mild indistinctness of pulmonary vessels consistent with elevation of pulmonary venous pressure. Several nodular opacifications are again seen consistent with old granulomatous disease.']
['Findings: AP upright portable chest radiograph is obtained as well as a lateral view.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions with mild compressive bibasilar atelectasis.  There is no significant change from prior exam.  There is no overt CHF.  A mild component of interstitial congestion is impossible to exclude.  The aorta is unfolded.  Heart size is normal.  No pneumothorax.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Small bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar compressive atelectasis.  Possible mild interstitial edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: Moderate bilateral effusions with bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the nasogastric tube tip lies in the distal stomach.  There are lower lung volumes with increased opacification at the left base most likely reflecting atelectasis and effusion.  In the appropriate clinical setting, supervening pneumonia would have to be considered.  Pulmonary vessels are less sharply seen, raising the possibility of some increasing pulmonary venous pressure. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings
['Findings: Lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is mild to moderately enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable aside from mild unfolding of the descending thoracic aorta.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.  Mild-to-moderate cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: Compared with ___, there has been interval resolution of diffuse bilateral opacities.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable with the exception of the tortuous aorta.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Moderate-to-severe degenerative changes about the left shoulder are present. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  I', 'Findings: Comparison with the study of ___, there continued areas of bilateral opacification, more prominent on the right.  Some of this could reflect worsening asymmetric pulmonary edema.  However, superimposed pneumonia, especially in the right upper and mid zones, must be carefully considered in the appropriate clinical setting.  Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is upper limits of normal.  There has been improved aeration since the previous study.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pulmonary edema is identified. There are no pneumothoraces.', "Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate leftward patient rotation and low lung volumes with associated accentuation of cardiomediastinal contours and crowding of bronchovascular structures. Left costophrenic angle and lateral aspect of left hemidiaphragm are obscured. There is no pneumothorax. There may be a small left pleural effusion. The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: 1. Obscuration of lateral left hemidiaphragm contour and adjacent costophrenic angle, possibly due to the affects of leftward patient rotation. Left pleural effusion and or peripheral pneumonia are difficult to exclude in this region, and a repeat nonrotated radiograph with improved lung volumes may be helpful for further assessment when the patient's condition permits."]
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate unremarkable cardiomediastinal and hilar contours.  Bibasilar linear opacifications likely reflect atelectasis.  No focal opacification concerning for pneumonia identified. No pleural effusion. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs are moderately well-expanded and clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Prominent mediastinal contour is due to supine positioning.  Heart size and hila are unremarkable.  Limited assessment of the upper abdomen is within normal limits.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.  No displaced rib fracture. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. No displaced rib fracture. 3. No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: Lungs are well-expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No pneumonia.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  No evidence of lung parenchymal abnormality.  No pleural effusions. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are high. The sagittal diameter of the thorax is slightly increased, with flattening of the hemidiaphragms on the lateral view, potentially suggestive of mild to moderate overinflation.  Small bilateral symmetrical calcified apical pleural plaques.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia, no pleural effusions.', 'Findings: Hyperinflated lungs with flattening of the diaphragm due to emphysema.  Of incidental note, there is bilateral apical pleural thickening.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, pleural surfaces are normal.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.   Unchanged Impression: 1. Hyperinflated lungs with flattening of the diaphragm due to emphy
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable.  There is no evidence of free air under the hemidiaphragm.  There is mild scoliosis . Impression: No acute intrathoracic process or evidence of free air under the diaphragm.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there has been some re-accumulation of pleural fluid with blunting of the costophrenic angle.  Otherwise, little change.  The Port-A-Cath is stable.', 'Findings: Interval insertion of 2 right-sided chest tubes.  Small right apical pneumothorax without tension.  Right Port-A-Cath terminates in cavoatrial junction, unchanged.  Right-sided pleural effusion has decreased slightly and right middle and lower lobe collapse has resolved.  New left lower lobe collapse is obscuring the left hemidiaphragm.  No left pleural effusion.  No left pneumothorax.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Impression: 1.  Small right apical pneumothorax without tension after insertion of 2 right-sided chest tubes.  2.  Improved right pleural effusion and resolution of right mid and lower lobe collapse.  3.  New left lower lobe collapse.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___ ___, M.D
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: There is a large distended hiatal hernia filled with air.  This projects over the cardiomediastinal silhouette.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The aorta is tortuous.  Median sternotomy wires are present. Impression: Large distended hiatal hernia, filled with air.  No acute cardiopulmonary findings.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is a nodular opacity projecting adjacent to an EKG lead in the left upper lobe.  The lungs appear otherwise clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Mild leftward convex curvature centered along the mid thoracic spine with mild to moderate rightward convex curvature centered at the thoracolumbar junction including apparent mild loss and a lumbar vertebral body.  The latter appearance, however, is probably unchanged since the prior lumbar spine radiographs. Impression: 1.  No evidence of acute disease.  2.  Apparent nodular opacity projecting near the site of an EKG lead at the left lung apex.  Differential considerations include a lung nodule including the possibility of malignancy although atelectasis, scarring or artifact could also be considered.  Initial re-evaluation is recommended with PA and lateral radiographs in the short term when clinically appropriate.  If the density were to persist, then chest CT may be appropriate to evaluate further.    Findings and recommendations posted to the ER dashboard while the
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___, 4:49 a.m., no relevant change is seen.  Normal size of the heart.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: No previous images.  The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no vascular congestion.  There is increased opacification at the left base above an elevated hemidiaphragmatic contour.  This most likely represents atelectasis.  However, in the appropriate clinical setting, superimposed pneumonia would have to be considered.']
['Findings:  Impression: Dobhoff tube tip isout of view, below the diaphragm.  ET tube is in standard position.  Large right pleural effusion is minimally larger than before.  Left lower lobe atelectasis have increased.  No other interval change from prior study.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to a chest radiographs ___ through ___.  Very large right pleural effusion continues to increase, shifting the mediastinum progressively to the left.  Pulmonary vasculature in the left lung is appropriately engorged, and there is no pulmonary edema.  Previous left lower lobe atelectasis has improved, while the right lung has become nearly airless.  ET tube in standard placement.  Nasogastric drainage tube passes into the stomach and out of view.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: As on the prior study, there are very low lung volumes.  Retrocardiac opacity obscuring the left hemidiaphragm is constant, concerning for infection or sequelae of aspiration in the appropriate clinical setting.  Streaky opacities at the right lung base are unchanged and may represent atelectasis.  There are bilateral
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  Relatively low inspiratory effort is seen which results in accentuation of the cardiomediastinal silhouette which is likely within normal limits.  The lungs are clear of consolidation, effusion, or pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormality detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the left subclavian PICC line is been pushed forward. Obliquity of the patient makes it somewhat difficult to assess the position of the tip, though it appears to be in the lower SVC.  NOTIFICATION:  ___, a venous access nurse.', 'Findings: Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema. Prior right PICC is no longer seen. Mild cardiomegaly is noted. Hypertrophic changes are noted in the spine. Impression: Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There is mild right basilar atelectasis versus scar.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  The aorta is mildly tortuous.  No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Left upper extremity PICC line is seen with its tip located in the low SVC.  The heart is enlarged, stable.  The lungs
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The appearance of the right lung is stable status post partial right lung resection with pleural changes consistent with history of empyema.  The left lung is clear without focal consolidation or pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal and rightward shift of the mediastinal structures is unchanged.  Rounded focus with sclerotic borders projecting over the posterolateral right 9th rib is unchanged since ___ and may represent a healed rib fracture.  No new displaced rib fracture. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  Chronic right lung changes consistent with partial lung resection.']
['Findings: Portions of the lateral left lung are not included within the field of view of these radiographs.  An endotracheal tube terminates 5.6 cm above the carina.  The side port of an enteric tube projects over the gastric body.  Lungs are fully expanded and clear. No right pleural effusion or right or left pneumothorax.. Heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal.  No large fractures within the field of view. Impression: Portions of the lateral left lung are not included within the field of view.  No of acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities or fractures are seen.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Cardiac silhouette is top-normal is a mildly enlarged.  Aorta is calcified and tortuous.  Multi-level degenerative changes are seen along the spine. Impression: Possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  No focal consolidation.']
['Findings:  Impression: There no prior chest radiographs available for review.   Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.  .', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal contour is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
["Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the monitoring and support devices are unchanged.  The tip of the endotracheal tube projects 4.7 cm above the carina.  The pre-existing bilateral parenchymal opacities have increased in extent and severity.  In addition, new bilateral pleural effusions are seen.  The right PICC line remains in constant position.  The patient is slightly rotated on today's examination and the pre-existing scoliosis contributes to asymmetry of the appearance of the mediastinum.  Mediastinal morphology should receive close consideration on the next followup radiograph. Impression: ", 'Findings: An endotracheal tube is in place with the tip terminating below the thoracic inlet, approximately 3 cm above the carina.  A right PICC is in place, with the tip overlying terminating in the low SVC.  The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits for size.  Partial calcification at the aortic knob is noted.  The hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lungs are hyperinflated with lucency at the bilateral lung apices compatible with emphy
['Findings: Mild cardiomegaly has slightly increased in size compared to the most recent prior exam from ___.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  Linear and streaky opacities in the lung bases are likely secondary to mild bibasilar atelectasis.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  No focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia are identified.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion. No consolidations concerning for pneumonia are identified.', 'Findings: There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal size. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged, with the heart size mildly enlarged.  Lung volumes are low with linear and streaky opacities in the lung bases, most likely reflective of atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion.  No acute osseous abnormalities are visual
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ radiograph, a moderate sized right basilar pneumothorax has predominantly filled with fluid resulting in a hydro pneumothorax. A small right apical pneumothorax is also evident. A large mass surrounds the right hilar region and is associated with postobstructive atelectasis involving the right middle and right lower lobes. New patchy and linear opacities in the left lung base likely reflect atelectasis and less likely aspiration. Poorly defined nodules throughout the left lung have been more fully evaluated by a outside chest CT ___.', 'Findings: A chest tube overlies the lower right lung. A relatively large pneumothorax is seen at the right lung base. There is increased opacity in the retracted right lung base and perihilar region. The right upper lung appears relatively clear. Probable mild rightward shift of the mediastinum.  There is mild cardiomegaly without unfolded aorta. The left hilum is prominent, with a tapered appearance, which could reflect the presence of pulmonary hypertension.  There is minimal atelectasis or scarring at the left lung base. There is mi prominence of the interstitial markings in
['Findings:  Impression: Normal.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  No evidence of rib lesions, however, the ribs are incompletely imaged and a dedicated rib series should be performed if clinically meaningful.  No pneumothorax.  No pleural effusion.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal contours. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well expanded clear lungs.  There is no pneumothorax, consolidation, or pleural effusion.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No mediastinal widening.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There are relatively low lung volumes.  Small rounded nodular opacity measuring approximately 4 mm is again seen in the left mid lung, stable, likely representing calcified granuloma.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  There is minimal basilar atelectasis.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  There may be minimal pulmonary vascular prominence.  Metallic surgical hardware is seen in the visualized lower cervical spine. Impression: Possible minimal pulmonary vascular congestion.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is new minimal interstitial edema since prior exam and and stable mild-to-moderate cardiomegaly.  These findings suggest the patient is in early heart failure.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is a possible right lower lobe medial opacity which could represent an aspiration pneumonia versus atelectasis. Impression: Early/mild heart failure.  Possible right lower lobe medial opacity which could represent aspiration pneumonia versus atelectasis.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  Substantial degenerative changes are again seen in the thoracic spine.', 'Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs are provided.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart size is seen normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged with tortuosity of the thoracic aorta again noted. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Minimal streaky atelectasis is noted in the right lower lobe. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  Moderate multilevel degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine.  No displaced rib fractures are visualized. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.Surgical clips are noted in the upper abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process, no pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Mild degenerative changes are seen in the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   The heart appears top-normal in size.  There is subtle prominence of the main pulmonary artery contour.  The hila appear minimally congested.  The lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Mediastinal contour is normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Top normal heart size with prominence of the main PA contour, correlate for pulmonary arterial hypertension.  Possible mild hilar congestion.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is mild vascular prominence including upper zone redistribution of pulmonary vascularity suggesting mild pulmonary congestion.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Findings suggest mild vascular congestion.', 'Findings: The newly placed right IJ terminates in the region of the cavoatrial junction. No pneumothorax.  There is perhaps mild improvement in pulmonary vascular congestion since the prior exam.  Otherwise, the frontal radiographic appearance of the thorax is overall similar to the radiograph exam performed earlier on the same day.  No focal consolidation or pleural effusion.  Stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila.  Stable bilateral lower lung volumes. Impression: 1.  Newly placed right IJ catheter ends in the approximate region of the cavoatrial junction.  2.  Mild interval improvement in pulmonary vascular congestion.  Otherwise, no significant interval change.']
['Findings:  Impression: Impression with the study of ___, there are again are bilateral pleural effusions. All mild areas of atelectasis are seen at the bases, especially on the left.', "Findings: Persistent small bilateral effusions are seen, left greater than right not dramatically changed since last week's exam. Opacity in the retrocardiac region is likely due to atelectasis, similar to prior.  The lungs are otherwise grossly clear noting that the right lung apex is not assessed due to patient's overlying hair. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Persistent left-greater-than-right pleural effusions, not dramatically changed.", 'Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Focal opacities within the medial aspect of both lung bases may reflect areas of atelectasis or infection.  No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  No acute osseous abnormality is seen. Impression: Bibasilar opacities may reflect areas of atelectasis or infection.  No pulmonary edema
['Findings: There has been interval placement of a left-sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip projecting over the mid SVC.  No pneumothorax is identified.  An endotracheal tube and an esophageal catheter are in unchanged position.  Again seen are diffuse ill-defined bibasilar opacities, as well as more reticular opacities with bronchiectasis consistent with chronic fibrotic change.  No significant pleural effusion is seen.  The heart size is normal. Impression: ', 'Findings: . Impression: ', 'Findings: Again seen are interstitial opacities and bronchiectasis predominantly at the basilar and posterior lungs.  The borders of the cardiomediastinal silhouette are obscured.  The lung volumes are low.  There is a linear area of atelectasis in the right mid lung.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: Bibasilar interstitial fibrosis.  No pleural effusion or evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low with patchy opacities at the lung bases.  More ret
["Findings: Mild cardiomegaly with unfolding of the thoracic aorta is unchanged from the prior examination. Mediastinal contours are unchanged. Hilar contours are normal. Lungs remain hyperinflated.  Posterior bibasilar densities correspond to Bochdalek's hernia as on the prior CT examination. Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax.  Generalized demineralized appearance of the bones limits sensitivity for fracture. Within that context there is no overt traumatic finding.  Cervical fixation hardware is visualized.  The known T1 and T2 fractures are better evaluated on the cervical spine CT and are not well seen on radiograph.Cervical spinal fusion hardware is incompletely assessed. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  No overt traumatic findings though diffuse osseous demineralization limits sensitivity for fracture detection.", 'Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated but clear.  Tortuous thoracic aorta is again demonstrated.  Heart size is mildly enlarged.  No pulmonary edema or pleural effusions.  No evidence of pneumonia. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly and
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were compared to previous exam from ___.  Low inspiratory volumes seen on the frontal exam.  That being said, there is no large confluent consolidation identified nor pleural effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits as are the osseous and soft tissue structures.  Surgical clips in the right upper quadrant suggest prior cholecystectomy Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process based on low inspiratory effort on the frontal exam.  No evidence of large confluent consolidation.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  The patient has received a right pectoral Port-A-Cath.  The vascular part of the device projects over the cavoatrial junction.  No pneumothorax or other complications.  Stable appearance of the cardiac silhouette and of the lung parenchyma.', 'Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated and diaphragms are flattened, consistent with COPD.  There is mild to moderate cardiomegaly.  Aorta is densely calcified and unfolded.  Mitral annulus calcification is noted.  There is upper zone redistribution, but no overt CHF.  There is blunting of the costophrenic angles posteriorly with evidence for small right effusion and tiny left effusion.  Minimal bibasilar atelectasis, but no frank consolidation.  Ill-defined focal density at the right lung base laterally may represent artifact due to overlying rib shadows -- attention to this area on followup films is requested.  Osteopenia and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted. Impression: Hyperinflation suggestive of COPD.  Mild to moderate cardiomeg
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: The lungs are symmetrically well-expanded and well aerated without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Streaky basilar opacities suggest atelectasis or airway inflammation.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Mild biapical pleural thickening is noted on the left greater than the right.  The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The thoracic aorta is slightly tortuous.  The trachea is midline.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  Lungs are clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar structures are normal. Pleural surfaces are normal. Impression: No pneumonia.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: No significant interval change.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no focal consolidation.  The hila are prominent bilaterally. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.  Prominent bilateral hila, likely reflecting lymphadenopathy in the setting of mono.']
['Findings: The cardiac silhouette size is normal.  The aorta is mildly tortuous.  Hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  Mild degenerative changes are seen within the thoracic spine with minimal loss of height anteriorly of a mid thoracic vertebral body. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum and pleural surfaces.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: The NG tube tip terminates in the stomach, however the side port is near the gastroesophageal junction.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with the heart top normal.  There is no large pleural effusion or apical pneumothorax. Impression: The side port of the NG tube is near the gastroesophageal junction and should be advanced to place all side ports safely in the stomach.  The above results were communicated via telephone by Dr. ___ to Dr. ___ ___ at 9:30 a.m. on ___ at the time of discovery.', 'Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear and well inflated.  A linear density in the left lower lung is likely atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No displaced rib fractures are seen.  Bony structures appear intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings including no sign of rib fracture.', 'Findings:  Impression: Normal chest.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is virtually complete collapse of the left lower lobe with dramatic shift of the mediastinum to the left, consistent with either severe bronchial tumor or mucous plugging.  The hyperexpanded right lung is clear. Impression: ', 'Findings: Single frontal view of the chest demonstrates marked opacification of the left middle and lower lung with significant volume loss as evidenced by marked leftward cardiomediastinal shift.  As correlated to the preceding reference CT from___ of the same day, there is significant endobronchial material obstructing the left main bronchus.  There is likely a combination of consolidation, bronchial wall thickening, and pleural effusion in the left lung as well as volume loss, producing the overall opacification.  The right lung remains relatively well aerated.  There is evidence of underlying emphysema, without radiographic evidence of pneumothorax.  Findings consistent with left main bronchial obstruction with left middle and lower lobe collapse, in addition to consolidation, bronchial wall thickening, and large left pleural effusion.  Overall constellations are highly concerning for malign
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of an infectious process.', 'Findings: Single portable view of the chest was compared to previous exam from ___.  Compared to prior, there has been interval progression of the bibasilar pleural effusions.  Underlying airspace disease is also possible.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Right chest port is seen in stable position.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unchanged.  Multiple surgical clips in the right upper quadrant. Impression: Interval progression of bilateral pleural effusions with possible underlying airspace disease not excluded.']
['Findings:  Impression: Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum, and pleural surfaces. No evidence of intrathoracic malignancy or infection.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___.  Moderate to severe cardiomegaly has worsened.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pneumonia or pulmonary edema.  Thoracic aorta and head neck vessels are tortuous and moderately dilated, but unchanged.  There is no pleural abnormality.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained demonstrating airspace opacity in the left lower lobe superior segments, compatible with pneumonia.  Right lung is clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Findings compatible with left lower lobe pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes remain low. Moderate cardiomegaly with elongation of the descending aorta.  And signs of mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia.  The lateral radiograph reveals a moderate to severe scoliosis.', 'Findings: The heart is at the upper limits of normal size.  The descending aorta is moderately tortuous.  A prominent pericardial fat pad projects along the cardiac apex.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear aside from streaky right mid lung opacities suggesting minor atelectasis or minor fissural thickening.  There is mildly exaggerated kyphotic curvature centered along the lower thoracic spine and a mild anterior wedge compression deformity that appears chronic.  The mid-to-upper thoracic spine is mildly lordotic. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: Low lung volumes accentuate the cardiac silhouette and bronchovascular structures, limiting assessment of cardiovascular status of the patient.  New patchy bibasilar opac
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes, which accentuate bronchovascular markings.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Linear opacities at the left lung base likely represent plate-like atelectasis.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unchanged.  The heart size is top normal.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the bilateral parenchymal opacities, notably on the left, have moderately increased, emphasize inter suspicion for pneumonia.  In addition, there is an increase in diameter of the vascular structures and an increase in interstitial markings, likely reflecting a component of pulmonary edema.  Bilateral blunting of the costophrenic sinuses, likely reflecting pleural effusion.  The monitoring and support devices are in constant position.', 'Findings: A portable frontal chest radiograph demonstrates low lung volumes with increased prominence of the cardiac silhouette and bronchovascular crowding.  There are persistent bilateral opacities, consistent with pulmonary edema.  There are likely unchanged bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax is identified. A right PICC again terminates within the upper right atrium.  The patient has been extubated, with mild narrowing of the superior trachea. Impression: 1. Mild narrowing of the superior trachea. Further evaluation with dedicated soft tissue neck radiographs is recommended. 2. Lower lung volumes, with persistent bilateral opacities consistent with pulmonary edema. Likely unchanged bilateral pleural effusions.
['Findings: No focal consolidation is seen. There is minimal blunting of the left costophrenic angle which may be due atelectasis, however a trace pleural effusion is not excluded.  No pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No focal consolidation. Minimal blunting of the left costophrenic angle may be due to atelectasis, but a trace pleural effusion is not excluded.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is within normal limits.  Atherosclerotic calcifications at the aortic knob are noted.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs appear hyperinflated.  Patchy ill-defined opacities are noted in the lung bases concerning for pneumonia or aspiration.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are also demonstrated.  No pneumothorax or pulmonary edema is clearly present.  Multilevel degenerative changes are seen in the thoracic spine. Impression: Bibasilar ill-defined opacities concerning for pneumonia or aspiration with small bilateral pleural effusions.']
['Findings: As compared to prior chest radiograph from ___, there is a persistent right apical triangular opacity which could be related to post-surgical changes.  However, for complete evaluation, CT examination would be recommended.  Lungs otherwise remain clear. There is tortuosity of the aorta. The heart is mildly enlarged.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Right PICC line has been removed. Note is made of a healing fracture in the left distal clavicle. Impression: Persistent right apical triangular opacity which could reflect scarring from prior surgery.  However, further evaluation is recommended with CT.  These findings and recommendations were discussed with ___ by ___ via telephone on ___ at 5:00 p.m., at time of discovery.']
['Findings: There is patchy opacity adjacent to the left heart border raising concern for lingular consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Impression: Patchy opacity adjacent to the left heart border raises concern for lingular consolidation, pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in supine position.  Images were extended so to cover upper portion of abdomen.  The Dobbhoff line is identified and reaches well below the diaphragm.  Its distal end points in the caudal direction, well seated in the corpus of the stomach area.  The chest findings are unchanged in comparison with the next preceding portable chest examination obtained six hours earlier during the same day.  The patient remains intubated, the ETT terminating in the trachea 3 cm above the level of the carina.  A right-sided PICC line reaches the lower portion of the SVC. Impression: Unremarkable position of Dobbhoff line.', 'Findings: The ET tube is 2.8 cm above the carina.  The NG tube is in the stomach.  The lungs are clear without infiltrate or effusion.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.  The bony thorax is normal. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Previous mild pulmonary edema has almost resolved.  Heterogeneous op
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in semi-upright position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding PA and lateral chest examination of ___.  Moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is again noted.  No typical configurational abnormality is present, and the enlargement appears to take care equally in both ventricles and atria.  No evidence of increased pulmonary congestion as patient presents in semi-upright position.  No evidence of pleural effusion in the lateral pleural sinuses and no pneumothorax in the apical area.  Previously described permanent pacer in left anterior axillary position connected to an ICD line continues to terminate in the apical portion of the right ventricle.  A new right internal jugular approach sheath has been used to advance a Swan-Ganz catheter which is seen to pass through the dilated right atrium into the enlarged right ventricle and approaches in the central portion of the right lower pulmonary artery.  There is no significant interval change with regard to heart size and pulmonary vascular appearance in comparison with the previous PA and lateral chest examination of ___. A chest CT of ___ ruled out pulmonary embolism.  The findings of moderately
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. Mild right base atelectasis is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  No displaced fracture identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is increase in interstitial markings bilaterally suggesting mild interstitial edema.  No large pleural effusion is seen.  There is no definite focal consolidation.  Biapical pleural thickening is seen.  Subtle opacity projecting over the right apex appears pleural and may be due to scarring; however, this could be confirmed on chest CT if of clinical concern.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Mild interstitial edema.  Subtle right apical opacity, best seen on the frontal view is non-specific and could relate to pleural apical thickening.  However, this could be better evaluated on a non-urgent CT.']
['Findings: A single view AP chest view has been obtained with the patient in semi-upright position.  There is considerable cardiac enlargement, although this may be exaggerated by the portable technique.  No typical configurational abnormalities identified.  Thoracic aorta of ordinary ___ but calcium deposits are present in the wall at the level of the arch.  The pulmonary vasculature shows a mild degree of perivascular haze, but there is no evidence of interstitial alveolar edema.  Large soft tissue structures are overlying the lung bases, but no gross pulmonary abnormalities can be identified and the lateral pleural sinuses appear free.  Our records do not include a previous chest examination available for comparison. Impression: No conclusive evidence for pneumonic infiltrate on portable single view chest examination.  Review of the most recent abdominal CT has been performed and the lung bases are inspected.  There were bilateral atelectasis and some pleural densities , probably scar formations but no acute pneumonic infiltrate was present on ___.']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  The heart appears at the upper limits of normal size.  Streaky right mid lung opacities suggest thickening or minor atelectasis along the minor fissure.  There is possibly a trace pleural effusion on the left side only.  The lungs appear otherwise clear.  Kyphotic curvature appears exaggerated, but vertebral body heights appear preserved along the thoracic spine.  The bones appear demineralized. Impression: No evidence of injury.', 'Findings: Portable AP chest radiograph.  Lung volumes are low with bibasilar atelectasis.  The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  There is no pneumoperitoneum. Impression: ', 'Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in semi-upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding similar study of ___.  The heart size appears to have increased mildly but difficulties with assessing precise heart volume on single view portable chest examination must be underlined.  Comparison of the pulmonary vasculature suggests increased diameter
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Stable position of the right chest tube, stable position of the axillary right PICC line.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  The extent of the right pleural effusion is overall unchanged.', 'Findings: Compared to the prior exam there is no significant interval change in the right effusion with pigtail catheter and a small air collection within the effusion.  There is also small left pleural effusion Impression: No significant change', 'Findings:  Impression: Right pleural effusion and right basal consolidation are similar to previous examination.  Right mid line terminates at the level of the right chest wall.  Substantial improvement in left pleural effusion is demonstrated. No pneumothorax is seen.  No new consolidations demonstrated.', 'Findings:  Impression: Right pigtail catheter at are in place.  There is no substantial change in the right pleural effusion after placement of the pigtail catheter, potentially minimal decrease.  A left basal atelectasis is unchanged.  Minimal amount of left pleural effusion is unchanged.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: were discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ ___ telephone at  11:34pm on ___, 2 minutes after discovery. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)  INDICATION:  ___ year old man with new NGT. Prior coiled in his mouth.  // NGT tip location      NGT tip location  COMPARISON:  Chest radiographs ___ through ___ at 4:42 p.m. Impression: Transesophageal drainage tube is still looped in the upper esophagus.  Lung volumes are low and there is probably some atelectasis at the base the left lung, and perhaps small left pleural effusion, but this has not changed since earlier in the day.  Heart is moderately enlarged.  A left PIC line ends in the low SVC.  No pneumothorax.  NOTIFICATION:  See NOTIFICATION details below in the WET READ section.', 'Findings: NG tube is coiled at the
['Findings:  Impression: 0.8 No previous images. There is some hyperexpansion of the lungs that could reflect some chronic pulmonary disease. However, no pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. Nipple shadows project over the lung bases bilaterally.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits given portable technique.  No evidence of pulmonary edema, pleural effusions, focal airspace consolidation or pneumothorax.  A coronary stent is seen overlying the left heart shadow.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  Chronic deformities of the right upper rib cage noted.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.  DISH related changes of the lower T-spine noted. Impression: No signs of pneumonia.']
['Findings: As compared to the prior radiograph, the retrocardiac opacity has improved and may represent a focal area of atelectasis or aspiration. The lungs are otherwise clear, the cardiac, hilar, mediastinal contours are stable, and the calcified aortic knob is also stable.  No pleural abnormality is seen. Impression: Interval improvement in retrocardiac opacity which may represent atelectasis or aspiration.', 'Findings: The heart size is top normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  Note is made of atherosclerotic calcifications at the aortic knob.  Interval increase in density at the retrocardiac region not clearly present on prior.  Lungs are otherwise clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: New retrocardiac opacity, potentially atelectasis.']
['Findings: AP UPRIGHT VIEW of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.  Staple lines project over the epigastrium.  Nasogastric tube terminates in the stomach. Impression: 1. Nasogastric tube terminates in the stomach.  2. A small opacity is seen in the right midlung. This may be secondary to aspiration, inflammation or atelectasis.  Short-term follow-up radiographs are recommended to reassess.  If it were to fail to resolve, chest CT might be then appropriate.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to the only prior chest radiographs ___.  Mild pulmonary edema is new.  Lateral view would be useful to evaluate the lower lungs.  The remainder the lungs are clear.  Blunting of the left lateral pleural sulcus could be due to a small effusion or scarring.  Mild cardiomegaly is stable.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged, increased compared to the previous study. The mediastinal contour is unchanged. There is mild pulmonary edema, new compared to the previous study, with small bilateral pleural effusions, also new.  Streaky bibasilar opacities likely reflect atelectasis. No pneumothorax is identified. Multilevel degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperexpanded, compatible with COPD and emphysema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable lucency of the right lower lung. New opacity is noted obscuring the left heart border.  Chronic right middle lobe collapse noted. Heart, mediastinal contour, and hila are otherwise unremarkable.  Old right lateral rib fracture. Stable mild compression deformity of a lower thoracic vertebral body. Limited assessment of upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: 1.  New opacity obscuring left heart border is worrisome for a lingular pneumonia. Clinical correlation recommended. 2.  COPD/emphysema. 3.  Chronic right middle lobe collapse.', 'Findings: Supine portable view of the chest demonstrates hyperexpanded lungs, compatible with emphysema better seen on chest CT.  There is no focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion is seen.  There is no pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unchanged.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema. Bilateral remote rib fractures are noted. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are stable with calcification of the aortic knob.  Neither costophrenic angle is fully captured on this single portable image, however, there is no large pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  There is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  Mild cephalization may be physiologic/positional.  Median sternotomy wires are present. Impression: No acute abnormality.', 'Findings: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, there are increasing bilateral pulmonary opacifications consistent with worsening elevation of pulmonary venous pressure.  No change in the cardiac silhouette and the sternal wires remain intact. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is little overall change in the diffuse bilateral pulmonary opacifications.  There may be some worsening in the left upper zone. Impression: ', 'Findings: Diffuse interstitial opacification appears improved from the most recent chest radiograph and similar to ___.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Increased consolidation in the left upper lobe appears similar.  The
['Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  No pleural effusions, no pneumothorax.  No lung nodules or masses. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of pneumonia, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  The aorta is tortuous. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lung fields are clear. There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  The radiograph shows no relevant changes.  Asymmetry of the ribcage caused by healed right rib fractures.  Stable borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema.  Stable position of the left Port-A-Cath.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia. No pulmonary edema.  There are no radiographic signs suggesting aspiration.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the left basilar pneumothorax appears to be further decreased.  Otherwise, little change.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change.  Specifically, no evidence of acute focal', 'Findings: Left pectoral infusion port terminates in mid SVC.  Left basal lateral pneumothorax is smaller than before.  Large cystic lesion in the left mid lung is unchanged.  Thoracic spine scoliosis and right upper lip deformities are unchanged.  There is no consolidation or large pleural effusion. Impression: Left basal lateral pneumothorax is smaller than before.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. Known right hilar mass with surrounding parenchymal opacities.  Unchanged appearance of the heart and of the left lung. The monitoring and support devices are in constant normal position.', 'Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal.  The aorta is mildly unfolded.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Patchy opacities are noted in the lung bases, more pronounced on the left, concerning for infection or aspiration.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Moderate multilevel degenerative changes are seen in the thoracic spine. Impression: Patchy opacities in the lung bases, more pronounced on the left, may reflect infection or aspiration.', 'Findings:  Impression: The mass like components of consolidation in the right mid and lower lung have over the past several days improved, but the moderate right pleural effusion is stable and consolidation in the left lower lobe which worsened between ___ and ___ has only partially improved. Heart size is normal.  ET tube and
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  This causes crowding of the bronchovascular structures. The heart size is mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Evaluation of the lung bases is somewhat limited due to the presence of low lung volumes, with patchy opacities at the bases likely reflective of atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected.  Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted. Impression: Low lung volumes with mild bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has unchanged focal parenchymal opacities in the right upper and right lower lobe.  In addition, however, there is an increase in size of the cardiac silhouette, increase in diameter of the pulmonary vessels and increase of the interstitial markings.  Altogether, these findings suggest interval appearance of pulmonary edema.  No larger pleural effusions or other lung parenchymal changes.  At the time of observation and dictation, 2:01 p.m., ___, the referring physician, ___. ___, was paged for notification and the findings were subsequently discussed over the telephone. Impression: ', 'Findings: There is a right infrahilar and a right lung apex opacity, possibly representing multifocal PNA. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax.  dw Dr. ___ at 7.___ am by Dr. ___ ___ the phone. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is an increase in extent and severity of the pre-existing right lung op
['Findings:  Impression: Tip of the intra-aortic balloon pump is 15 mm from the aortic apex, 15 mm above standard placement.    There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal widening is probably due to venous engorgement and Pulmonary vascular engorgement suggest biventricular cardiac decompensation.  There is, as yet, no pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: There is moderate enlargement of cardiac silhouette.  There is moderate pulmonary edema.  No definite large pleural effusion is noted.  There is no pneumothorax.  Mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Moderate pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Cardiac silhouette remains enlarged, but bilateral pulmonary edema has dramatically improved with only minimal residual perihilar haziness remaining, accompanied by peribronchial cuffing and pulmonary vascular engorgement.  Left retrocardiac opacity has also improved and probably represents a combination of atelectasis and dependent edema.  Additional linear areas of atelectasis are noted posteriorly at the lung bases on the lateral view, and there are also small pleural effusions. Impression: Marked improvement in pulmonary edema.  Improving left retrocardiac opacity, likely atelectasis, but continued followup may be helpful to exclude underlying pneumonia given clinical suspicion for this entity.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The osseous structures are unremarkable Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Lower thoracic dextroscoliosis is again noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum, and pleural surfaces.  No evidence of intrathoracic malignancy or infection, including tuberculosis, or cardiac decompensation.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear consolidation or pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and within normal limits.  Atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic arch.  Hypertrophic changes in the spine.  Surgical clips seen in the right upper quadrant. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views the chest demonstrate well expanded clear lungs. The cardio mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Note is made of calcified atherosclerotic plaque in  the aortic arch and right carotid artery. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Clips noted in the right upper quadrant.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  Prominent anterior spurs in the T-spine noted.  No
['Findings: Linear opacities in the right lung base laterally are likely atelectasis versus scarring.  Focal opacity at the left cardiophrenic angle is compatible with a prominent epicardial fat pad as seen on prior.  The lungs are otherwise clear without consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Left base opacity is most likely due to atelectasis, but consolidation due to infection is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: Patchy left base opacity most likely due to atelectasis, but consolidation due to infection is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.  No pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Small regions of peribronchial infiltration in both lower lobes, left greater than right, have not changed appreciably since ___, consistent with pneumonia.  Upper lungs clear.  Heart size normal.  No appreciable pleural effusion.']
['Findings: There is minimal interstitial prominence in the right lower lobe, stable in comparison to prior studies.  Otherwise, cardiomediastinal silhouette remains stably moderately enlarged.  Biventricular ICD system appears stable.  Post-surgical changes are noted with mid sternotomy wires.  The lungs are otherwise clear with no evidence of consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process with stable minimal interstitial prominence in the right lower lobe of long chronicity.']
['Findings: Study is under penetrated.  Lung volumes are normal.  There is no wall consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.  Cardiac silhouette is top-normal in size.  There is no osseous abnormality. Impression: No acute intra-thoracic abnormality.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.  Unchanged atelectasis/scarring in the right lower lobe.  The size of the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged but unchanged. Impression: No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax, pneumomediastinum, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  NOTIFICATION:   These findings were discussed with Dr. ___ By Dr. ___ ___ telephone at 14:22 on ___, 5 minutes after discovery.', 'Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear. Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: to Dr. ___ by telephone on ___ at 11:47 AM, 1 minutes after discovery of the findings. Impression: Lungs are fully expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion. Outlines of the cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. The very small volume of pneumomediastinum below the level of the carina has increased slightly since ___.  This could represent migration of subcutaneous emphy
['Findings: Single AP portable view of the chest demonstrates clear lungs.  Low lung volumes somewhat accentuates the cardiac size.  No pleural effusion or edema.  Bones are intact. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  To better assess for cardiomegaly a PA film with better inspiration should be considered.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms suggestive of COPD. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is again substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with relatively normal pulmonary vessels, consistent with the clinical diagnosis of pericardial effusion.  Opacification at the left base is consistent with some combination of volume loss in the lower lobe and pleural effusion.  The monitoring and support devices have been removed. Impression: ', 'Findings: There is continued opacification of the left lung base with obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm, again consistent with pleural effusion and consolidation.  Increased haziness at the right lung base may also indicate a small pleural effusion. There is no pulmonary edema. The cardiac silhouette appears smaller than on the most recent prior study.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  There has been interval placement of a tube overlying the lower left hemithorax. Impression: Continued moderate left pleural effusion with left lower lobe collapse. Increased small right pleural effusion. No pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Comparison is made to prior study from ___.  There is again seen a left-sided pleural effusion and left retrocardiac opacity.  This is moderate
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Subtle area of right upper lobe opacity is seen which is worrisome for pneumonia.  The left lung is clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Findings concerning for right upper lobe pneumonia.', 'Findings: Lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  No pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax.  No focal consolidations are noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Note is made of congenital lack of fusion of the posterior elements of T1. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The heart is of normal size with normal cardiomediastinal contours.  Lung volumes are low.  Bibasilar atelectasis is present.  There is slight blunting of the left costophrenic angle.  The lungs are otherwise clear without focal or diffuse abnormality.  No pneumothorax is visualized.  The pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable.  Osseous structures are unremarkable.  No radiopaque foreign bodies. Impression: Small left pleural effusion with bibasilar atelectasis and low lung volumes.']
['Findings: Portable supine AP view of the chest. No focal consolidation or supine evidence for effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. No bony abnormalities. Dextroscoliosis of the T-spine noted. Impression: No acute findings.']
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there are continued low lung volumes with retrocardiac opacification most likely reflecting atelectatic changes.  There is striking dilatation of the gas-filled stomach, for which a nasogastric tube might prove helpful. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Currently, no evidence of pneumonia is seen.  There are bilateral, left more than right areas of atelectasis that are morphologically constant.  No pleural effusions.  No evidence of pulmonary edema. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Interval increase in size of main and hilar pulmonary arteries, and mediastinal veins, accompanied by mild interstitial pulmonary edema, are all most likely due to biventricular cardiac decompensation. Pleural effusions are small if any. No pneumothorax is present. Previous severe gastric distention has resolved.']
['Findings: Mild interstitial pulmonary edema with mild to moderate cardiomegaly.  Small right-sided pleural effusion.  Low lung volumes with basal atelectasis.  No pneumothorax. Impression: Mild interstitial pulmonary edema with mild to moderate cardiomegaly.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the severity of the pre-existing pulmonary edema has increased.  The edema is now moderate in severity.  In addition, there is blunting of the right costophrenic sinus, newly appeared, and likely reflecting a small pleural effusion.  Bilateral areas of atelectasis at the lung bases.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are small.  There is mild pulmonary edema.  There is moderate cardiomegaly.  There is an opacity in the left right lung base which could represent atelectasis versus early pneumonia.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: 1.Low lung volumes with moderate cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema.  2.Right parenchymal lung base opacity that
['Findings:  Impression: Tiny right apical pneumothorax is unchanged.  There are persistent low lung volumes.  Cardiac size is top-normal.  Widening mediastinum and enlarged hila bilaterally  is unchanged.  Right port is in standard position.  Bilateral effusions are small.  Minimal interstitial edema is unchanged.  Surgical chain in the right upper mid hemi thorax is again noted.', 'Findings: Semi upright view of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  There is bibasilar atelectasis.  Heart size is normal.  Bilateral hilar lymphadenopathy was better evaluated on prior CT chest. Right chest port catheter tip is in the lower SVC. Impression: Bilateral hilar lymphadenopathy was better evaluated on prior CT chest.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Status post right VATS resection. New right chest tube.  Bilateral areas of atelectasis.  Mild fluid overload.  Borderline size of the heart.  No pleural effusions.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest
['Findings: The heart is at the upper limits of normal size.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  An extensive opacity involving the right lower lobe is consistent with pneumonia, with lesser opacities noted along the right upper lobe and probably the lingula.  This includes a nodular focus projecting over the right mid lung, new since the prior study also.  There is destruction of a mid thoracic interspace with marked wedging of the adjoining vertebral bodies.  This appearance is consistent with sequelae of known osteomyelitis/discitis. Impression: 1.  New opacification in the right lower lobe, with left lesser opacities elsewhere, suggesting pneumonia.    2.  Endplate destruction of a mid thoracic interspace, consistent with sequela of spinal infection, including increasing loss in height of adjoining vertebral bodies since the prior MR, but better assessed on the accompanying dedicated thoracic spine MR performed on the prior day.', 'Findings: Status post removal of right-sided chest tube, with persistent small right pleural effusion and no visible pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance.  Ate
['Findings: AP portable supine view of the chest.   Patient is intubated with the tip of the endotracheal tube residing 3 cm above the carina.  The orogastric tube is coiled in the neck.  Subcutaneous emphysema is noted in the soft tissues of the neck and shoulders with pneumomediastinum also present.  Mild right basal atelectasis noted.  No supine evidence for effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: Orogastric tube coiled in the neck.  Repositioning is needed.  Appropriately positioned endotracheal tube.  Extensive subcutaneous emphysema and pneumomediastinum.  Please refer to subsequent CT of the neck and chest for further details.', 'Findings:  Impression: Tip of the endotracheal tube is at the thoracic inlet with the neck in flexion.  It should be advanced 2 cm for more secure positioning.  Esophageal drainage tube passes into the stomach and out of view.  No central venous catheter noted
['Findings: Mild apical thickening.  The lungs are otherwise clear of airspace or interstitial opacity.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  No acute or aggressive osseus changes.  Moderate scoliosis convex to the right.  New implantable monitor in the left chest wall anteriorly. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Minimal linear opacities at costodiaphragmatic angle are probably atelectasis rather than infection.  The lungs are hyperinflated related to MPOC.  Mediastinal and cardiac contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  CONCLUSION:  Small linear opacities at costodiaphragmatic angle are probably atelectasis.  Beginning of pneumonia cannot be totally excluded in appropriate clinical settings.    The results have been posted to the radiology dashboard for direct notification of the referring physician. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well expanded, clear lungs.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable.  There is bibasilar atelectasis, more pronounced than on the prior examination. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   Mild basal atelectasis.  Otherwise lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis, otherwise unremarkable exam.                                                                                ___, MD']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is no consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  Mild cardiomegaly is noted.  No subdiaphragmatic free air.  Osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  Lung volumes are slightly low and there is atelectasis at the lung bases.  There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  Osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Atelectasis at the lung bases.']
['Findings: As compared to prior chest examination, lung volumes are decreased, accentuating the bronchovascular structures.  The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are normal.  There is mild tortuosity of the descending aorta.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal or hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal and the lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Mild pulmonary edema has resolved since ___.  A small right pleural effusion persists.  No focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Normal heart size. Impression: Interval resolution of pulmonary edema with small residual right pleural effusion.  NOTIFICATION:  Telephone notification to Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ at 13:20 on ___.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  There is blunting of the costophrenic angle suggestive of effusions, right greater than left.  Indistinct pulmonary vascular markings seen throughout suggestive of pulmonary edema.  More confluent consolidation identified at the right lung base as well, also worse compared to prior.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Elevation left hemidiaphragm again noted.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unchanged. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusions.  More confluent region of consolidation at the right lung base potentially related to asymmetric edema; however, acute infection is also possible.']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Previous right perihilar consolidation has cleared.  Moderate cardiomegaly and marked elevation of the right hemidiaphragm are chronic.  There is no pleural effusion.  Transvenous right atrial and right ventricular pacer leads are unchanged in their respective standard positions.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is little overall change.  Enlargement of the cardiac silhouette persists with a dual-channel pacer device remaining in place.  Some asymmetric prominence of interstitial markings again is consistent with pulmonary edema, though some underlying chronic pulmonary disease could also be considered.  There is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with irregularity of the margin, suggesting some atelectatic changes here (and at the left base) and possible small effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings: , at 2:30 p.m. and we discussed them at 3PM. Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  There is a large area of heterogeneous opacification involving most of the right lung that I hesitate to call pulmonary edema because of the asymmetry.  In addition,
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is increased opacification involving much of the left hemithorax. This would be consistent with the clinical diagnosis of widespread pneumonia, complicated by pulmonary vascular congestion. Poor definition of the hemidiaphragms suggest this effusions with some basilar atelectatic changes.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ radiograph, will widespread cough and heterogeneous bilateral pulmonary opacities show some interval improvement, particularly in the right mid and left lower lungs.  Bilateral pleural effusions persist, and there is no pneumothorax.', "Findings:  Impression: ET tube tip just below the upper margin of the clavicles, approximately 6 cm in the carina could be advanced to cm for more secure seating.  Left jugular line ends in the mid SVC.   Heart size is normal.  Widespread infiltrative pulmonary abnormality consists of nodular and interstitial components unchanged since ___, improved slightly since ___.  Heart size is normal.  Sequence of changes over the past 3 weeks suggests some component of pulmonary edema, but the nodular abnormality is presumably infection, alternatively vasculitis. 
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal in size.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Impression: Top-normal cardiac silhouette size.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart size is borderline enlarged, as seen previously.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Mild degenerative changes are noted in the imaged thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Minor basilar atelectasis is seen without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: Minor basilar atelectasis without focal consolidation.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  Allowing for this factor, heart size is normal, and lungs and pleural surfaces are grossly clear.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Impression: ']
['Findings: There is no evidence for focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  Heart and mediastinal contours are stable. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.  These findings were discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ by telephone at 11:10 p.m. on ___.']
['Findings:  Impression: Right chest tube is in place.  Bibasal consolidations are unchanged but there is interval decrease in right pleural effusion.  There is still present left pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax appreciated.  ET tube tip is 4 cm above the carina.', 'Findings:  Impression: The patient remains intubated and the right chest tube is in stable position.  Relatively extensive bilateral pleural effusions with subsequent areas of atelectasis are again visualized but no new parenchymal abnormalities are noted.  No new focal parenchymal opacities.  The known rib fractures are not well displayed on the chest x-ray.', 'Findings: Bilateral low lung volumes.  Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with increased interstitial markings and multiple lung nodules bilaterally, new since ___ but acuity of findings unclear.  No pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes areunchanged.    Vertebral hardware in cervical thoracic spine partially visualized but appears intact.  Compression fracture of the lower thoracic spine with 60% loss of height in
['Findings: Compared to previous exam, there has been interval progression of the left basilar opacity which now silhouette the hemidiaphragm. There is suggestion of possible associated volume loss/atelectasis in left lower lobe given posterior displacement of the fissure. Elsewhere, lungs are clear. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Left lower lobe consolidation compatible with pneumonia in the proper clinical setting. Likely a component of atelectasis. Please repeat after treatment to document resolution.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  Patchy and linear opacities at both lung bases with associated volume loss favor atelectasis over an infectious pneumonia.  Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits for technique. Questionable small pleural effusions, difficult to assess in the setting of low volumes and portable technique. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Subsegmental bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Heart size is normal.  Widened appearance of the mediastinum likely due to unfolded thoracic aorta, though dissection cannot be excluded. Impression: Widened appearance of the mediastinum likely due to unfolded thoracic aorta.  Aortic dissection cannot be excluded on a conventional radiograph, but there are no findings to suggest that diagnosis on this study.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 8:34 AM, 2 minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings: The tip of the Dobbhoff tube is extremely difficult to see.  It appears to extend below to the mid or lower body of the stomach, before coiling back on itself so that the tip lies in the upper stomach.  The study of the abdomen would be helpful for better evaluation.  Continued low lung volumes may account for some of the prominence of the transverse diameter of the heart and fullness of pulmonary vessels. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change, except for the fact that the patient has received a ventricular decompression device and a new nasogastric tube.  The nasogastric tube projects with its tip over the middle parts of the stomach.  The uppermost sternal wire is, in unchanged manner, ruptured.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  No overt pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube tip terminates approximately 2.7 cm from the carina.  Orogastric tube tip can only be traced to the level of the distal esophagus, and likely should be advanced.  The patient is status post median stern
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest radiographs:  Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum and pleural surfaces.  No evidence of intrathoracic malignancy or infection.']
['Findings: Lungs appear clear though volumes are low. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart size is stable and top-normal. Mediastinal contour is normal. No bony abnormality. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings. Top normal heart size.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no visualized pneumomediastinum. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. No free intraperitoneal air. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Minimal atelectatic changes are seen in the lung bases, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.  Scarring within the lung apices is re- demonstrated.  There is no acute osseous abnormality seen. Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis.  No acute fractures are seen, but if there is continued concern for a rib fracture, a dedicated rib series is recommended.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperexpanded.  Irregular interstitial markings are seen suggestive of fibrotic changes.  There is no visualized consolidation or effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Atherosclerotic calcifications are noted at the aortic arch.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Old healed right lateral rib fracture is noted. Impression: Hyperinflation with findings suggestive of COPD.  No definite superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are reduced bilaterally.  Chronic diffuse interstitial abnormality is re- demonstrated with increased interstitial markings noted most pronounced at the periphery and lung bases, not substantially changed in the interval. Heart size is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal and hilar contours are similar. No overt pulmonary edema, new focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. There are multilevel mild to moderate degenerative changes with mild loss of height of a mid thoracic vertebral body anteriorly. Impression: No substantial interval change from the prior exam with continued chronic interstitial lung disease.  No new focal consolidation demonstrated.', 'Findings: There are low lung volumes. Interstitial opacities are again seen, similar to prior exam and consistent with known chronic interstitial lung disease.  No evidence of pulmonary edema is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Impression: No significant interval change. Interstitial opacity consistent with known chronic interstitial lung disease.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes which results in bronchovascular crowding.  There are
['Findings: Lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Surgical clips are noted in the abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are relatively low, however the lungs remain clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities. Widening of the right acromioclavicular joint is new since prior and could be postsurgical or posttraumatic in nature. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.  Surgical clips are noted in the left upper quadrant,
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Unchanged pneumopericardium.  Note is made of pneumomediastinum.', 'Findings:  Impression: Normal.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Vague opacity in the lingula obscures the left cardiac contour.  Elsewhere the lungs appear clear. Impression: Vague opacity suggesting pneumonia in the lingula.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is evidence of some minimal bibasilar atelectasis.  The pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Also seen is cortical irregularity of the right humeral head consistent with age indeterminate fracture. There is a vertebral compression fracture in the mid thoracic spine, which is unchanged in appearance from the prior examination. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are fully inflated and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Osseous structures are grossly intact. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison is made with the CT study of ___.  Note ___ CTA is available. The cardiac silhouette appears within normal limits and there is no vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.  Specifically, at the resolution limits of plain radiographs, there is no evidence of nodules within the lung. Of incidental note are total shoulder prostheses bilaterally.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are low.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation.  The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged.  There is prominence of the right paratracheal stripe. Impression: Prominence the right paratracheal stripe may be vascular in etiology, although, lymphadenopathy cannot be excluded.  A nonemergent CT would provide better characterization.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has undergone wedge resection.  The suture lines are clearly visible.  There is a right chest tube in situ.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  No pleural effusions.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal appearance of the left lung. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right-sided chest tube has been removed.  The staple line is in unchanged position.  On the current image, there is no evidence of a pneumothorax.  The post-operative right upper lobe opacities are overall subtle.  No evidence of pleural effusion.  Normal heart, normal lung. Impression: ', "Findings: PA frontal and lateral chest radiograph demonstrate chain sutures in the right upper lobe consistent with patient's history of right wedge resection.  Lungs are well expanded with no focal consolidation or pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Osseous structures are unrem
['Findings: There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal size. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Left base opacity most likely represents a fat pad rather than pneumonia.  No prior for comparison.  The right lung is clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  The aorta is somewhat tortuous.  No pulmonary edema is seen.  No displaced rib fracture is seen. Impression: No displaced rib fracture seen.  If clinical concern persists rib series or CT is more sensitive.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Interval removal of the endotracheal tube and nasogastric tube.  Multiple right-sided posterolateral rib fractures are again noted.  No focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  No pulmonary edema.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are unchanged.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube terminates 4 cm above the carina.  Enteric catheter courses below the left hemidiaphragm and out of view.  There is stable cardiomegaly with slight prominence of the azygos vein and perihilar vessels suggestive of mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Multiple right posterolateral likely healed rib fractures identified.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. Impression: Well-positioned endotracheal tube and enteric catheter.  Cardiomegaly with mild prominence of the pulmonary vasculature and azygos vein.  No overt pulmonary edema.  Multiple healed right rib fractures.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax
['Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  No pleural effusions.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pneumothorax.  No lung nodules or masses. Impression: ', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs are well-expanded.  Mild peribronchial cuffing is seen. Increased interstitial markings are seen at the lung bases. There is no discrete focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. The upper abdomen is unremarkable. There is no acute osseous abnormality. Impression: Mild peribronchial cuffing with increased markings at the bases, which may be due to soft tissue attenuation.  Bronchitis could also result in this appearance.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Patchy atelectasis is seen in both lower lobes.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Bibasilar patchy atelectasis.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax is present.  There are mild degenerative changes seen in the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Volumes are low.  Allowing for this, there is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated and hyperlucent with flattening of the hemidiaphragms, consistent with chronic pulmonary disease, similar to ___.  Subtle increased opacity in the left lower lobe since ___ on the frontal view may reflect atelectasis as no corresponding opacity is appreciated on the lateral projection.  Mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is unchanged since at least ___.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Biapical, left greater than right pleural thickening is also unchanged.  The right lung is clear.  No mediastinal widening.  Tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta is unchanged.  Mild dextroconvex scoliosis of the upper thoracic spine is also unchanged.  Slight loss of anterior vertebral body height in a mid thoracic vertebral body is probably similar to the prior exam in ___. Impression: 1.  Left lower lobe atelectasis; no definite focal pneumonia.  2.  Findings consistent with chronic pulmonary disease, similar to ___.  3.  Mild loss of anterior vertebral body height in a mid thoracic vertebral body appears similar to ___.'
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Imaged osseous structures are intact. No evidence of free air below the diaphragm. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia or pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Aorta remains mildly tortuous.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Mediastinal contours are stable.  No pulmonary vascular congestion is noted.  At least 3 nodular opacities are seen, 2 within the right upper lobe, and one within the left upper lobe, which were present on the prior CT torso.  Other smaller pulmonary nodules seen on the CT are not clearly demonstrated on the current exam.  Blunting of the costophrenic angle on the left posteriorly suggests a small left pleural effusion, new from the prior exam.  No pneumothorax is identified.  There is diffuse demineralization of the osseous structures. Impression: 1. Small left pleural effusion.  2. Bilateral pulmonary nodules, better demonstrated on the prior CT, compatible with known metastatic lesions.', 'Findings: The patient has multiple known pulmonary nodules, better assessed on CT.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  No evidence of free air is seen beneath the diaphragms.
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided.  The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, effusion, pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings: AP frontal radiograph through the chest demonstrates a right internal jugular central venous catheter with its tip projecting over the low superior vena cava.  No pneumothorax is identified.  Lungs are clear bilaterally.  There is no pleural effusion, vascular congestion, or consolidation.  Osseous structures demonstrate no acute abnormality. Impression: Right internal jugular central venous catheter with its tip projecting over the low superior vena cava.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Semi-upright portable chest radiograph demonstrates unremarkable mediastinal, hilar and cardiac contours.  There is increased density of the left hemithorax compared to yesterday which may indicate layering effusion, however, given degree of increased density finding is concerning for reaccumulating hemothorax.  Faint opacities are noted within the left lower lung likely reflect atelectasis though infectious process cannot be excluded.  Given timeframe from initial trauma, these are unlikely to represent pulmonary contusions.  Multiple minimally displaced left-sided rib fractures are identified including a segmental fracture of the posterior sixth rib. Impression: Increased density of left hemithorax may represent large layering effusion but is concerning for reaccumulation of known hemothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Portable upright view of the chest demonstrates interval removal of endotracheal tube.  Low lung volumes accentuate bronchovascular markings.  Left costophrenic angle is not fully included on this exam, however, a small left pleural
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are symmetrically well expanded and clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumomediastinum. Top-normal heart size. Mediastinal contour and hila are unremarkable. Impression: Normal chest radiograph. No obvious radiopaque esophageal and tracheal opacity']
['Findings:  Impression: External pacer lead terminates in the right ventricle.  The pacer was inserted through the right internal jugular vein.  Right PICC line tip is at the cavoatrial junction.  Heart size and mediastinum are unchanged in appearance.  Lung volumes are low.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  There is potential left upper lobe atelectasis, partial and left perihilar opacity.  There is no appreciable pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Mild cardiomegaly is a stable.  The aorta is tortuous and elongated.  Pacer leads are in standard unchanged position.  Right PICC tip is in the lower SVC. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Linear atelectasis in the left mid lung are unchanged.  Sternal wires are aligned Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities', 'Findings: The patient had recent sternotomy for CABG.  Mediastinal and cardiac contours are top normal with left-sided pectoral pacemaker in adequate position.  Left mid lung
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes without pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is mild bibasilar atelectasis.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  Mild degenerative changes are seen in the spine. Impression: No significant interval change.', 'Findings: There is a small left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis.  Prominence of the cardiac silhouette is due to mediastinal fat as noted on the recent chest CT.  There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  There is no overt pulmonary edema.  The thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. Impression: There is a small left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis, infection
['Findings: Severe enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is re- demonstrated.  The mediastinal contour is unchanged.  There is mild pulmonary edema with upper zone vascular redistribution without large pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax is present.  Streaky and patchy bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect areas of atelectasis.  There are multilevel moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Impression: Severe cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema and bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate moderate pulmonary edema as well as moderate cardiomegaly which is worse than on the prior chest radiograph from ___.  There are small to moderate bilateral pleural effusions.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly, pulmonary edema, and bilateral pleural effusions, consistent with decompensated congestive heart failure.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates the right middle lobe opacification concerning for pneumonia.  The left lung is grossly clear.  There is moderate cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary vascular congestion
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. A chronic deformity of the distal right clavicle appears unchanged and may be due to an non-united fracture in the past. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is again hyperexpansion of the lungs consistent with chronic pulmonary disease.  No definite rib fracture, though oblique views could be obtained for further evaluation.  No evidence of pneumothorax. Impression: ']
['Findings: The previously placed left PICC terminates in the mid SVC.  The lungs are clear and the cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Impression: The left PICC terminates in the mid SVC.']
["Findings: One AP single chest view has been obtained with patient in upright position.  Comparison is made to the next preceding similar study of ___.  Findings are grossly unchanged demonstrating again markedly reduced lung volume in the left hemithorax with marked shift of the mediastinal structures towards the left, indicating volume reduction, probably caused by chronic infections with large bronchiectatic changes on the bases as well as in the apical left upper lobe area.  The right lung is hyperinflated.  A previous preoperative chest examination of ___ is reviewed, compared with today's findings.  The dense bronchiectatic changes and scarring in the left hemithorax is grossly unaltered.  When comparing the hyperinflated right lung, comparison demonstrates that there exists some new mostly linear changes in the right lung base that did not exist previously.  Comparison with the next preceding single view chest examination of ___ demonstrates grossly unchanged findings as these linear densities existed already on the right base at that time. Impression: Stable-appearing left-sided chronic bronchiectatic changes.  Basal right-sided mostly linear densities in supradiaphragmatic position existed on ___ and are unchanged now.  It is
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lung fields are clear. There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum, and pleural surfaces.  No evidence of either pneumonia or pulmonary embolism.']
['Findings: Lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  No focal consolidation, effusion, edema, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The hila are normal.  No evidence of an acute osseous abnormality on this nondedicated exam. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are relatively low.  Right chest wall port is seen with catheter tip at the RA/SVC junction.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  The tip of the Port-A-Cath appears to be at the level of the cavoatrial junction.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable, reflective of a mildly tortuous thoracic aorta.  The hila are unremarkable.  New since prior is a right lower lobe opacity concerning for pneumonia.  The lungs are clear elsewhere.  There is no pulmonary venous congestion or pulmonary edema.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: New right lower lobe opacity is concerning for pneumonia.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs were obtained, with the lateral view limited by respiratory motion.  Lung volumes are slightly low, with prominence of the cardiac silhouette and bronchovascular crowding.  There is bibasilar atelectasis with resolution of the left lower lobe consolidation. No new consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Interval resolution of a left lower lobe consolidation.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are normal.  There is bibasilar streaky atelectasis. Opacity with the left lower lobe may reflect atelectasis, however, atypical infection or aspiration could also be considered. No pleural effusion or
['Findings: There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal size. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation.  Streaky bibasilar opacities most likely represent atelectasis, as seen on the recent CT abdomen/pelvis performed on the same date.  Small left pleural effusion.  No pleural effusion on the right.  No pneumothorax.  Heart is mildly enlarged. Impression: 1. No pneumothorax. 2. Small left pleural effusion with bibasilar atelectasis. 3. Mild cardiomegaly. 4.  Although no acute fracture or other chest wall lesion is seen, conventional chest radiographs are not sufficient for detection or characterization of most such abnormalities. If the demonstration of trauma to the chest wall is clinically warranted,  the location of any referrable focal findings  should be clearly marked and imaged with either bone detail radiographs or Chest CT scanning.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Overlying EKG leads somewhat limit the evaluation. Allowing for this, lungs are clear without  focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No
['Findings:  Impression: Diffuse calcified bilateral pleural plaques are compatible with prior asbestos exposure.  These pleural plaques limit assessment of underlying lung parenchyma, but no definite large focal consolidation is seen.  No congestive heart failure.']
['Findings: Vague opacification is noted in the right middle lobe, likely representing pneumonia.  Streaky opacifications are also noted in the left lower lobe.  However, given the stable left hemidiaphragm elevation, these may represent atelectasis, though a multifocal infectious process cannot be excluded.  Mediastinal, hilar, and cardiac contours are unremarkable.  No osseous abnormality identified. Impression: Right middle lobe opacification likely represents pneumonia.  Streaky opacification in left lower lung likely represents atelectasis, though a multifocal infectious process cannot be excluded.', 'Findings: Vague region of new opacification in the right mid lung could be pneumonia, though seen only on the frontal view; confirmation and localization might be possible with oblique views.  The left lung is clear as is the right upper lobe.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.  The hila are unremarkable. Impression: Possible right lower lung pneumonia.  The pneumonia is in a similar location to the ___ pneumonia the patient previously had.  Given the insult is in the same area as prior, repeat radiographs after
['Findings: Bibasilar atelectasis is seen.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions.  Mild cardiomegaly is again noted, unchanged from prior exam.  There is no pneumothorax.  The bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: Bilateral small pleural effusions.']
['Findings: The lungs remain hyperinflated.  No focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pre-existing bilateral opacities have completely resolved.  On the current image, there are just trace areas of fibrotic scars seen in the region of the previous opacities.  No newly appeared opacities.  No pleural effusions, no other parenchymal changes.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without evidence of pulmonary edema.  Status post right shoulder surgery. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided.  Suture material is again noted in the left mid lung.  There is also a tunneled screw in the right humeral head.  No definite signs of pneumonia or CHF.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: consistent with a right middle lobe pneumonia.  The remainder of the lungs appear clear.  Chain suture material is identified in the left mid lung and was seen on prior CT.  There is no pulmonary edema or large ple
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The aorta is moderately tortuous.  Otherwise, the mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  There is a trace pleural effusion on the right.  A trace pleural effusion is difficult to exclude on the left side.  Fissures are slightly thickened.  Aside from vague opacity suggesting minor atelectasis along posterior costophrenic sulci, the lungs appear clear without findings suggestive of parenchymal edema. Mild degenerative changes affect the thoracic spine. Impression: Trace right-sided pleural effusion, at least on the right side. Suspected mild posterior basilar atelectasis, probably bilateral.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no definite pulmonary vascular congestion.  Hazy opacification at the bases, more prominent on the right, suggests small pleural effusions with compressive atelectasis.  No discrete pneumonia is appreciated.  Central catheter tip again extends to the mid-to-lower portion of the SVC. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear of consolidation.  Again, there are trace bilateral effusions.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Oblong lucent structure at and below the carina, likely due to slightly dilated air-filled esophagus.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise notable for atherosclerotic calcifications at the arch.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unchanged, noting mild compression deformities of the mid thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has received a right-sided PICC line.
['Findings: Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  Hilar contours are stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lung fields are clear. There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Moderately calcified right aortic arch is re- demonstrated. Mediastinum is stable. There is minimal amount of left pleural effusion. Lungs are essentially stable in appearance with no focal consolidations to suggest infectious', 'Findings: The heart size is top normal.  Right-sided aortic arch is noted.  There is diffuse calcification of the thoracic aorta.  The mediastinal and hilar contours otherwise are unremarkable, with interval improvement in the previous pattern of pulmonary vascular congestion.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  No acute osseous abnormalities seen. Impression: Near complete resolution of the previous pattern of mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  No new focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.', 'Findings: Right-sided calcified aortic arch is again noted. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise unremarkable.  The lungs are clear of focal consolidation. Increased interstitial markings throughout the lungs are noted not dramatically changed since priors. On the lateral view, there is increased density projecting over the left pleura posteriorly, potentially a loculated effusion or pleural-based
['Findings: The heart is enlarged.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  The left sided pacemaker lead terminates in the right ventricle.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: Pacemaker lead terminating in right ventricle.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are obtained.  There is widened AP diameter of the chest, which could indicate COPD.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: COPD without superimposed consolidation or effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Left chest walled single lead pacing device is again noted.  The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion, or edema.  Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is of normal size with normal cardiomediastinal contours. Linear opacities in the lung bases are compatible with plate-like atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No radiopaque foreign body.  Osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Interval removal of the endotracheal tube, right internal jugular Swan-Ganz catheter, mediastinal drains, left-sided chest tubes, and nasogastric tube in this patient status post median sternotomy for CABG and aortic valve replacement.  2.  Bibasilar patchy airspace opacity, left greater than right, likely reflects a combination of patchy atelectasis and pleural fluid.  No evidence of pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.  Relatively low lung volumes.', 'Findings: Since the prior radiograph, there has been a decrease in size of the bilateral effusions.  Small bilateral effusions are still present.  There is stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.  There is no consolidation or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The sternal wires are intact and midline. Impression: 1.  Bilateral pleural effusions which have decreased in size from the prior radiograph. 2.  No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: There is mild prominence of the interstitial
["Findings: . Impression: Possible small left pleural effusion.  Findings were emailed to the ED ___ nurse for communication with the patient's PCP on ___ at 9:12am."]
['Findings: Nasogastric tube courses below the level of the diaphragm and terminates in the region of the stomach.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lung fields are clear. There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  There is gaseous distention of a loop of small bowel in the left upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: A nasogastric tube terminates in the region of the stomach.']
['Findings: to Dr. ___  by telephone on ___ at 9:03 AM, 2 minutes after discovery of the findings. Impression: More than a score of a discrete opacities are present in the lungs, many of these are nodular, some are cavitated and some of those contain fluid, see for example an 18 mm wide lesion projecting posterior to the IVC on the lateral view. Interestingly the lower lobes are relatively spared, although I do not understand the significance of that distribution.  Hilar adenopathy may be present. There is no large scale mediastinal adenopathy although conventional chest radiographs can overlook enlarged central lymph nodes. There is no pleural abnormality.  Differential diagnosis includes septic emboli, with or without endocarditis, and disseminated mycobacterial or fungal infection. It is also possible that these lesions may have preceded recent infectious symptoms, and therefore the differential diagnosis includes cavitated metastases; in a female patient of this age choriocarcinoma should be investigated.  CT scanning might provide useful information, at the very least documenting the extent of cavitation.  NOTIFICATION:   Dr. ___ reported the findings to Dr. ___  by telephone on
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Previously seen interstitial opacities have improved in the interval with possible minimal pulmonary vascular congestion remaining.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: Possible minimal pulmonary vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusion.  Persistent mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings: Single AP upright portable view of the chest was obtained.  Mediastinal surgical clips are seen.  There is also evidence of a coronary artery stent.  The cardiac silhouette remains mildly enlarged.  Opacity projecting over the left costophrenic angle may be due to overlying soft tissue and cardiac silhouette, although a small pleural effusion is difficult to exclude.  No large pleural effusion is seen.  There is no definite consolidation or evidence of pneumothorax.  Mediastinal contours are stable. Impression: Opacity projecting over left costophrenic angle most likely relating to overlying soft tissue, although a small left pleural effusion is difficult to exclude.  No large ple
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the patient has taken a better inspiration.  There is no evidence of pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal to mildly enlarged.  Appears slightly increased in size compared to the prior study, although this may relate to AP technique and lower lung volumes.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no overt pulmonary edema. Impression: No focal consolidation.  Top normal to mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette, appears slightly larger as compared to the prior study, although this may relate to differences in inspiration/technique.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  Low lung volumes limit evaluation.  Allowing for this, there is no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable.  Bony structures are intact.  There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest
['Findings: There is a small round opacity at the right lung apex, which may be due to a pulmonary nodule or overlapping structures. The lungs are free of pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema.  The mediastinum and hila are within normal limits.  Heart size is top normal.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: 1. Round opacity at the left apex may be due to a pulmonary nodule.  Recommend CXR with lordotic views for further evaluation. 2.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  NOTIFICATION:  Findings telephoned to Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ on ___ at 11AM, approximately 15 minutes after discovery.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrate clear lungs bilaterally. No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia is identified. There is no pleural effusion.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits, stable in appearance when compared to prior chest radiograph dated ___.  A round opacity at the left apex is again identified which may reflect a pulmonary nodule. Impression: 1. Again identified is a round opacity at the left apex which may reflect a
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Leads from a spinal stimulator device are seen projecting over the lower thoracic and upper lumbar spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Regional bones and soft tissues are unremarkable. Impression: Clear lungs with no evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the cardiac silhouette is more prominent and the pulmonary vessels appear increasingly engorged, consistent with elevated pulmonary venous pressure.  The appearance in the left apical region consistent with a small bleb or artifact is unchanged.  Some increased opacification at the left base is consistent with atelectasis. Impression: ', "Findings:  Impression: No abnormalities seen within the limitations of this study technique to explain patient's symptoms, correlation with chest CT might be considered if clinically warranted.  Prominence of the main pulmonary artery is noted and might potentially reflect pulmonary hypertension that also may be assessed by echocardiography or chest CT."]
['Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is no radiopaque density to suggest a missing tooth fragment. Impression: No visualized tooth fragment identified.']
['Findings: Exam is limited secondary to relatively low lung volumes and overlying soft tissues.  There is crowding of the bronchovascular markings although superimposed pulmonary vascular congestion is possible.  Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but likely accentuated due to the above factors and not likely changed from prior.  There is no confluent consolidation or large effusion. Impression: Limited exam.  Low lung volumes with crowding of the bronchovascular markings although superimposed vascular congestion is possible.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change.  Again there is a large hiatal hernia.  No acute focal pneumonia or vascular congestion.  No definite metastases identified.  However, there is the vague suggestion of opacification overlying the most posterior portion of the left fifth rib just above the level of the aortic arch.  An apical lordotic view could be considered to determine whether this represents a true finding.  At the same time, repeat PA view could be helpful to see whether this appearance merely reflects a fortuitous overlap of shadows.  Of incidental note are calcifications in the region of the carotid bifurcations bilaterally. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: Mediastinum is normal.  Right PICC line terminates at the level of mid SVC.  Heart size is normal.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Low lung volumes.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax.  No parenchymal abnormalities.  The rib lesions are better appreciated on the CT torso from ___. Impression: ', 'Findings: The left costrophrenic angle is blunted on PA chest radiograph, but does not persist on lateral view.  There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Bibasilar atelectasis is resolved.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Prior right rib fractures are partially visualized. Impression: Left costrphrenic atelectasis or scarring.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures appear within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: Growth and poor definition of the left upper lobe lung nodule since ___ is attributable to biopsy related atelectasis or local bleeding.  There is no pneumothorax or hemothorax.  The heart is top normal size.  Mediastinum is widened by fat deposition primarily. Impression: AP chest read in conjunction with chest CT on ___, most recent prior chest radiographic study.  FINDINGS:  Growth and poor definition of the left upper lobe lung nodule since ___ is attributable to biopsy related atelectasis or local bleeding.  There is no pneumothorax or hemothorax.  The heart is top normal size.  Mediastinum is widened by fat deposition primarily.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   A wispy opacity in the left upper lung may represent an area of atelectasis.  No discrete consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  No effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: As above.']
['Findings: A dual-lead pacemaker/ICD device appears unchanged with the leads again terminating in the right atrium and ventricle.  The heart appears mildly enlarged with a left ventricular configuration.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  There is streaky opacity obscuring the left hemidiaphragm suggesting minor scarring or atelectasis.  There is no evidence for pulmonary edema.  There is persistent mild-to-moderate relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm, compared to the left, particularly anteriorly, which may suggest an eventration.  There are similar degenerative changes along the thoracic spine and suspected bony demineralization. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Portable AP view of the chest was provided.  AICD pack overlies the left chest wall with pacer lead extending into the right atrium and right ventricle.  Lung volumes are low.  No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax is seen.  Heart size and mediastinal contour appears normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Low lung volumes
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No displaced rib fractures identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  If high clinical concern for rib fracture, dedicated rib series could be performed.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  The heart remains mildly enlarged. There is mild interstitial pulmonary edema without definite signs of pneumonia. No large effusion. Mediastinal contour stable. Bony structures are intact. Right humeral head replacement partially imaged. Impression: Mild edema, mild cardiomegaly.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ chest radiograph, cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion persist, but mild edema has nearly resolved.  No new areas of consolidation to suggest pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pre described rounded opacity, previously projected ste over the sixth right rib, now projects over the 7 ste right rib. The opacity is less well seen than on the previous image but nevertheless still present.  The opacity should be further worked up by CT.  . Low lung volumes. Moderate cardiomegaly with minimal fluid overload.  No larger pleural effusions. The finding was added to the radiology dashboard.', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   Evaluation limited due to low lung volumes. There is mild pulmonary edema.
['Findings: The enteric feeding tube is coiled in the stomach, with the tip at the gastric fundus. The endotracheal tube ends 5.9 cm from the carina.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged.  No pneumothorax an check a trace left-sided effusion is suspected. Impression: No acute interval change.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, a new right chest tube has been inserted.  The position of both the left and the right chest tubes are unremarkable.  The bilateral pleural effusions have almost completely drained. Otherwise unchanged monitoring and support devices.  The lung volumes are low. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  No new focal parenchymal opacities.', 'Findings:  Impression: The endotracheal tube remains in good position.  Nasogastric tube extends to the mid body of the stomach, before coiling upon itself so that the tip lies close to the esophagogastric junction and pointing upwards.  No evidence of acute pneumonia or vascular congestion. Multiple punctate opacifications are seen in the right mid to
['Findings: Left-sided AICD device is noted with single lead terminating in the region of the right ventricle, unchanged. Mild to moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette persists. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. Streaky opacities in the lung bases likely reflect areas of atelectasis, and no focal consolidation is present. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes are seen in the thoracic spine. Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change is noted.  Low lung volumes.  Left pectoral pacemaker.  Mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: Low lung volumes with crowding of the bronchovascular markings. Air space opacity in the right upper ___, ___ represent a site of infection.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low. Left-sided AICD device is noted with single lead terminating in the right ventricle. Heart size is moderately
['Findings: discussed with Dr. ___ ___ telephone at 19:15 on ___. WET READ VERSION #___ ___ ___ ___ 7:17 PM  Subtle opacity in the right lower lobe is concerning for an area of focal  pneumonia.    Findings discussed with Dr. ___ ___ telephone at 19:15 on ___. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT EXAMINATION:  PA and lateral views of the chest  INDICATION:  ___ year old man with cough, fever  // r/o infiltrate  COMPARISON:  ___  FINDINGS:   Subtle linear opacity in the right lower lobe is new since ___.  The remaining lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal contours are unremarkable.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: Subtle right lower lobe opacity, can be pneumonia in this clinical setting.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pre-existing left lower lobe pneumonia has almost completely resolved.  Only at the immediately posterior retrocardiac areas and the left costophrenic sinus are minimal remnant opacities still visible.  There is no reactive pleural effusion.  No other parenchymal abnormalities.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  No reactive lymphadenopathy. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  There is a heterogeneous opacity in the left lower lobe concerning for pneumonia.  The right lung is clear.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia.  These findings were discussed with Dr. ___ at 3:23 p.m. on ___ by telephone.', 'Findings: There has been interval worsening of left lower lobe consolidation compared to ___. Right lung remains clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Interval worsening of left lower lobe pneumonia.', 'Findings: Lungs are well expanded
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___, 3:20 p.m.:  Small right pleural effusion persists now with an elliptical fissural component.  Small left pleural effusion is new as well as left lower lobe atelectasis.  Despite severe cardiomegaly, there is no pulmonary edema or other evidence of cardiac decompensation.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  Old scar at the right lung apex.  Bilateral areas of atelectasis, but no evidence of pneumonia or other acute parenchymal process.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___.  Small right pleural effusion is stable.  Accompanying small left pleural effusion has increased since ___, probably since ___ as well.  Severe cardiomegaly is unchanged.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Presumably there is at least greater atelectasis at the base of the left lung, more significant pathology would be obscured by very large cardiac silhouette.  No
['Findings: The lung volumes are low.  Moderate cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia, no pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ']
['Findings: Support and monitoring devices are in standard position.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is present with interval improved pulmonary edema and pleural effusions.  No definite pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings: Support and monitoring devices remain in standard position, and cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged.  Bilateral heterogeneous lung opacities involving the right lung to a greater degree than the left appear relatively similar, prior study.  Moderate right pleural effusion appears slightly increased in the interval, and there is also apparent development of a new small left pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is improvement of the right basal opacity.  The lung volumes remain low.  An area of atelectasis is seen at the left lung bases.  Unchanged monitoring and support devices.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Although lung volumes remain low, there has been definite clearing of predominantly basilar heterogeneous pulmonary consolidation that progressed earlier on ___.  Also improved is edema that developed in
['Findings: Cardiac size is normal.  The aorta is slightly tortuous.  There are no focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia.  Slight blunting of the posterior costophrenic angles is appreciated on the lateral view, possibly due to a small effusions versus scarring.  There is no pneumothorax, nor overt pulmonary edema. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: The heart size, mediastinal, and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.Mild calcifications at the aortic arch are noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinum is normal.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.']
['Findings: Mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is re- demonstrated.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  A small left pleural effusion appears slightly increased in size compared to the prior exam with associated left basilar atelectasis.  The right lung is clear.  No pneumothorax is present.  There are no new focal consolidations.  No acute osseous abnormality is visualized. Impression: Small left pleural effusion, perhaps slightly increased from the prior study, with associated left basilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: The right IJ catheter has been removed.  Lung volumes appear slightly lower compared to the prior study, which exaggerates bronchovascular markings.  Increased perihilar opacity on the right may represent worsening vascular congestion exaggerated by a low lung volumes, although a superimposed pneumonia cannot be excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.  Dense left retrocardiac opacity has improved, likely reflecting resolving atelectasis.  There is suggestion of a small layering pleural effusion on the left.  No pneumothorax.  Moderate cardiomegaly is stable.  No acute osse
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Surgical clips again project over the right axilla. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is detected.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is normal in size and normal cardiomediastinal contours. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well expanded clear lungs.  An area of relative ___ seen in the frontal view in the left midlung may represent asymmetric soft tissue, or soft tissue mass. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: 1.    No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  An area of relative ___ seen in the frontal view in the left midlung may represent asymmetric soft tissue, or soft tissue mass. Recommend correlation with physical examination of the anterior and posterior left hemi thorax.  NOTIFICATION: 
['Findings: Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  The hilar structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: AP and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  Lungs are well expanded.  There is possible airspace opacity in the right lower lobe.  The bronchial walls are thickened.  The left lung is clear.  There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: Bronchial wall thickening.  Possible right lower lboe aspiration.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there again are low lung volumes.  Cardiac silhouette is enlarged, but there is no evidence of vascular congestion.  Opacification at the left base most likely reflects a combination of pleural fluid and volume loss in the left lower lobe.  However, in the appropriate clinical setting, the possibility of superimposed pneumonia would have to be considered.', 'Findings:  Impression: All monitoring and support devices, except for the right central venous access line, have been removed.  Expected decrease in lung volumes.  Moderate cardiomegaly but otherwise unchanged.  Postoperative appearance of the cardiac silhouette.  No larger pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax.  Mild retrocardiac atelectasis.  No pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Postoperative mediastinum, hila, cardiomegaly are stable from ___.  The lungs are well expanded and clear without pulmonary edema or pneumonia.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Partially visualized right humeral head surgical hardware is unchanged. Impression: 1. Resolution of previously pleural effusions. 2. Stable
['Findings: There is no appreciable change in small left apical and lateral pneumothorax.  Faint lucencies along the mediastinum in the left also reflect known pneumothorax.  The heart is not enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No appreciable change in small left pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pneumothorax, focal consolidation or pleural effusion is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   No residual pneumothorax is seen. The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.  No residual pneumothorax seen.', 'Findings:
['Findings: Previously noted right-sided central venous catheter is no longer visualized. There are moderate bilateral pleural effusions. Prior bilateral apical pneumothoraces are not identified. Superiorly the lungs are clear. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged but stable. Median sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are noted. Impression: Persistent moderate bilateral effusions.  Prior bilateral apical pneumothoraces are no longer seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: Left apical pneumothorax is demonstrated, small, minimal decreased as compared to previous study.  Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Right apical pneumothorax appears to be unchanged as well. Right internal jugular line tip is at the level of mid SVC. Bilateral pleural effusions are unchanged.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen.  The sternal wires are in unchanged position. The lateral radiograph reveals a retrosternal air-fluid level, likely caused by a pleural air accumulation with some remnant pleural fluid. The lateral radiograph also shows mild to moderate bilateral posterior pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema. No
['Findings: were discussed with Dr. ___ over the phone by Dr. ___ at 5 p.m. on ___.  ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT REASON FOR EXAMINATION:  Hypertension, rising creatinine.  PA and lateral upright chest radiographs were reviewed in comparison to ___.  There is a substantial interval increase in cardiac silhouette with globular shape.  Differential diagnosis would include interval development of pericardial effusion (more likely), or potentially development of cardiomyopathy, correlation with echocardiography is required.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___ through ___:  Mild-to-moderate cardiomegaly is stable.  Pulmonary vasculature and mediastinal veins are not dilated.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or evidence of central lymph node enlargement
['Findings: Single frontal view of the chest demonstrates stable right transjugular central venous catheter with tip in the mid SVC.  There has been interval extubation and removal of chest tubes, with a tiny right apical pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for postoperative status.  Median sternotomy wires are unchanged.  There has been prior coronary artery bypass grafting.  The lung volumes are significantly decreased since 2 days ago, with increased bibasilar dependent atelectasis and new small pleural effusions, greater on the left. Impression: 1. Status post chest tube removal with small right apical pneumothorax.  2. Status post extubation, with decreased lung volumes, increased bibasilar atelectasis, and new small pleural effusions greater on the left.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right pleural effusion has slightly decreased.  On the other hand, the preexisting opacities on the right appears slightly more extensive than on the previous image.  The left lung shows unchanged appearance.  Unchanged size of the cardiac silhouette.  Unchanged right internal jugular vein cat
['Findings: Lung volumes are slightly low.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: There is a nasogastric tube whose tip and side port are below the GE junction. There is unchanged cardiomegaly.  Nodular density within the left mid lung field seen previously is not well seen on these films. There is persistent mild vascular congestion and small bilateral effusions.  There is a vague left retrocardiac opacity.  There are no pneumothoraces.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the nasogastric tube again extends to the distal stomach. Cardiomegaly persists and there is now a bilateral opacification, slightly more prominent on the right, which most likely represents developing pulmonary vascular congestion. In the appropriate clinical setting, superimposed pneumonia could be considered.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouettes are stable, with at least mild cardiomegaly. Aortic arch calcifications are again seen.  Tracheal and bronchial tree calcifications are consistent with age-related change.  There is no focal lung consolidation, however a diffuse increase in pulmonary interstitial markings is similar to ___, and is suggestive of pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pneum
['Findings: Single portable view of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are grossly clear.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits for technique.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: Unremarkable portable chest x-ray.']
['Findings: An endotracheal tube is seen at the level of the thoracic inlet 4.5 cm above the level of the carina.  Enteric feeding tube is seen coursing midline with tip below the level of the diaphragm.  The lungs are moderately well-expanded and clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size, mediastinal contour and hila are unremarkable.  Limited assessment of the upper abdomen is within normal limits. Impression: 1.  Support lines and tubes as described above. 2.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: On chest x-ray # 1, an ET tube is present, tip lying in the proximal portion of the right mainstem bronchus.  On chest x-ray # 2, the tip of the ET tube lies approximately 3.1 cm above the carina, in improved position.  The previously seen NG tube is no longer visualized.  The stomach is distended with air.  There are low inspiratory volumes.  There is patchy opacity of both lung bases, those could represent atelectasis.  in the appropriate clinical setting, an infectious infiltrate or focus of aspiration could have a similar appearance.  Vertical linear opacity in the left suprahilar region most likely also represents atelectasis.  Doubt CHF.  No gross effusion.  No pneumothorax detected. Impression: Interval placement of ET tube.  On view # 2, the ET tube is in satisfactory position approximately 3.1 cm above the carina.  Patchy bibasilar atelectasis, slightly more pronounced than on ___.  In the appropriate clinical setting, the differential diagnosis could include an infectious infiltrate or areas of aspiration the pneumonitis.  Interval removal of NG tube.  The stomach
['Findings: No previous images.  Endotracheal tube tip lies approximately 2.7 cm above the carina.  Hazy opacification in the right hemithorax is consistent with layering pleural effusion.  Opacification in the retrocardiac region with poor definition of the hemidiaphragm is consistent with volume loss in the lower lobe and possible small effusion.  Fixation device posteriorly involves the mid thoracic to lower thoracic spine. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is continued and possibly increased hazy opacification in the right hemithorax, consistent with layering effusion.  Retrocardiac opacification persists, consistent with volume loss in the left lower lobe and small effusion.  The pulmonary vessels are increasingly engorged and indistinct, suggesting overhydration. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the tip of the nasogastric tube is now visible.  It projects over the middle parts of the stomach.  The catheter has a normal course.  Spinal fixation devices are in unchanged position.  No change in position of the left P
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  Lung volumes are low.  The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart appears mildly enlarged.  The imaged bony structures are intact.  No free air is seen below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: Slightly lower lung volumes, unchanged since at least ___. The lungs are otherwise clear, without focal consolidation or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable mild cardiomegaly. Stable mediastinal contours and hila. Impression: 1. No pneumonia.  2. Mild cardiomegaly, stable since at least ___.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate well-expanded lungs.  Heart is normal in size, and cardiomediastinal contour is unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax.  The distal aspect of the right clavicle is excluded from the image.  No definite fracture is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  No acute fracture is identified on this non-dedicated examination.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated but clear. Normal pleura and mediastinal surfaces. Impression: Hyperinflated clear lungs.']
["Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded and clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  No displaced rib fracture is identified, although the inferior most left lower costal margin is not imaged. Impression: Normal chest radiographs. No displaced rib fracture identified, although the inferior most left lower costal margin is not completely imaged.  If clinically desired, dedicated rib series with a BB marker at site of patient's symptoms could be performed."]
['Findings: of heart failure.  There is no definite pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Patchy opacities are seen at the left lung base and are unchanged, likely representing atelectasis.  Mediastinal contours and sternotomy wires are unchanged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: are new compared to prior radiographs from ___ and ___.  There is a small right pleural effusion.  Mild hilar prominence and pulmonary vascular congestion is evident. Findings are most compatible with moderate pulmonary edema. There is no pneumothorax.  Sternotomy wires and surgical clips from prior CABG are noted. Impression: Probable moderate pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Stable position of the right pigtail catheter.  The right lung continues to be well expanded.  No right-sided pneumothorax is seen.  The patient has been extubated.  The course of the feeding tube is stable.  Mild cardiomegaly persists.  No change in appearance of the lung parenchyma.', 'Findings:  Impression: The study of ___, there has been placement of a nasogastric tube that extends only to the upper stomach with the side port proximal to the esophagogastric junction.  The tube should be pushed forward about 8-10 cm for more optimal positioning. Patient has taken a better inspiration.  Left hemidiaphragm is now sharply seen, consistent with resolution of pleural effusion and volume loss in left lower lobe. Tube extending from the neck to the abdomen could represent a ventriculoperitoneal shunt.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___ through ___.  No appreciable right pneumothorax.  Tiny right pleural effusion.  Right basal pigtail drainage catheter still in place. 
['Findings: Chest radiograph ___ Impression: Support lines and tubes are unchanged in appearance compared to the prior study.  Lung volumes are also unchanged, there is persistent left basilar atelectasis.  There is increasing opacification seen at the right lung base suspicious for right middle lobe consolidation.  Mild cardiomegaly and prominence of the pulmonary vascular is consistent with congestive heart failure, unchanged compared to the prior study.  NOTIFICATION:  Increasing opacity at the right lung base may reflect asymmetric pulmonary edema versus infection.', 'Findings:  Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly is stable.  Bibasilar consolidations have been improved, larger on the left side.  There is no pneumothorax.  Small bilateral effusions are stable.  Component of vascular congestion has improved.', 'Findings: Support lines and tubes are unchanged in appearance when compared to the prior study.  There is persistent silhouetting of the left hemidiaphragm consistent with left lower lobe atelectasis, superimposed infection cannot be excluded.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion seen.  No consolidation seen.  Even allowing for the projection, the heart appears mildly enlarged with mild pulmonary
['Findings: There is a small amount of peribronchial cuffing noted most prominently around the left hilum.  Otherwise, the lungs are clear of focal opacities and there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or pulmonary edema.  Heart size is normal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Impression: Small amount of peribronchial cuffing possibly related to small airways disease/bronchiolitis.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___ and ___, 12:10 a.m.:  Previous mild pulmonary edema has probably improved.  Tiny right pleural effusion stable.  Moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal venous engorgement both stable since ___.  Pleural effusions are small, if any.  ET tube in standard placement.  Upper enteric tube passes into a nondistended stomach and out of view.  Right jugular line ends close to the superior cavoatrial junction.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  New right central venous catheter terminates in the low SVC.  Apparent kink seen in the line in the expected region of insertion in the neck.  No pneumothorax. 2.  Persistent pulmonary vascular congestion without overt edema. 3.  Increasing right-sided subsegmental atelectasis 4.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Lung volumes remain low, heart moderately enlarged, mediastinal veins dilated, and pulmonary vasculature only minimally engorged.
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  No focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia are identified.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Again noted is a metallic density projecting along the base of the right neck near a central venous catheter that terminates at the cavoatrial junction.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  There is mild interstitial abnormality suggesting pulmonary vascular congestion, but otherwise the lungs appears clear aside from a similar patchy right basilar atelectasis.  There is no definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The bones appear demineralized. Impression: Findings suggesting mild pulmonary vascular congestion.']
['Findings: Moderate to severe enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is unchanged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are similar.  Lung volumes remain low.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated. Clip is seen projecting within the upper abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest are provided.  The lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal contour is normal.  No bony abnormalities. Impression: ']
["Findings: Patient's condition required examination in sitting upright position using AP frontal and left lateral views.  Comparison is made with the next preceding chest examination of ___.  On previous portable examination identifiable pulmonary parenchymal infiltrates have now resolved.  With the exception of a linear thin plate atelectatic change in the left mid field, no acute parenchymal pulmonary abnormalities are seen.  Heart size is within normal limits, and no pulmonary vascular congestion exists.  Skeletal structures of the thorax are grossly unremarkable on the PA and lateral chest examination.  On a previous CT torso examination of ___, three rib fractures were identified on the left side involving ___ 3 through 6.  They were noticed along the lateral circumference of the ribs, but no major displacement was seen.  It is impossible to identify these changes on the routine PA and lateral chest examination.  It can be stated, however, that there is no local thickening of the pleural space or any callus formation. Impression: "]
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Mild degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs remain clear.  There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  There is increased density projecting over the thoracic inlet and the trachea is not well seen.  This is a compatible with the thyroid goiter with greater enlargement on the right better characterized by CT.  Ossification of the anterior longitudinal ligament is again noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Lungs are clear. Hyperinflation is noted. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax demonstrated. Degenerative changes at that both humeral head only partially imaged.']
['Findings: The cardiac silhouette is enlarged.  The lungs are hyperinflated.  A large hiatal hernia with an air-fluid level is again seen.  No definite focal consolidation is identified.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.  Large hiatal hernia.', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded with emphysematous changes seen largely in the lower lobes with ring shadows suggestive of minimal bronchiectasis.  There is bilateral flattening of the hemidiaphragms.  No areas of focal consolidation, masses or lesions are seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is a large hiatal hernia; otherwise, the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  There is moderate kyphosis of the mid thoracic spine in which compression fractures of two of the mid thoracic vertebra is seen; chronicity of the fractures is indeterminate.  Old left lateral rib fractures are seen.  The pleural surfaces are unremarkable. Impression: 1) Emphysematous changes with
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process 2.  Known left lower lobe pulmonary mass and associated left hilar adenopathy, better characterized on prior CT.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with study of ___, the Port-A-Cath has been removed.  Otherwise, little change.  Marked scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine is noted.  No evidence of cardiomegaly, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Although not well seen on the lateral view, there is a moderate hiatal hernia noted on the frontal projection.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to day chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Mild atelectasis of the right base is new.  No good evidence for pneumonia or cardiac decompensation.  Heart size is normal.  No edema, pulmonary vascular congestion or appreciable pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.  Central venous infusion catheters end in the low SVC.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  There is no focal consolidation or interstitial abnormality to suggest pneumonia.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pleural abnormality.  Chronic hiatus hernia is moderate size.  Right supraclavicular central venous infusion port catheter ends in
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperexpanded but clear.  The heart is not enlarged.  The aorta is tortuous.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate well expanded and clear lungs.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No findings suggest infection.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  The lungs are clear bilaterally.  No focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal and stable.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is a newly appeared left lower lobe parenchymal opacity with air bronchograms combined to a pleural effusion. In the appropriate setting, the changes reflect pneumonia.  No other radiographic abnormalities  At the time of dictation and observation, 08:29, on the ___ the referring physician ___. ___ was notified by urgent email, as the pager was off and the telephone was inactive.', "Findings: IMPRESSION (PFI): ___ ___ 11:26 AM  1.  Possible mild cardiomegaly, new from ___.  2.  Enlargement of the upper mediastinal diameter due to anterior mediastinal  mass.  MRI of the chest may be useful in differentiating thymic hyperplasia  from lymphoma.  3.  No acute cardiopulmonary process. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT INDICATION:  New onset chest pain in patient with thyrotoxicosis.  COMPARISON:  Chest radiographs from
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Mediastinal nodes are calcified.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  Heart size is top-normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax. There is no pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  There are calcifications of the aortic arch.  2 surgical clips are seen in the left upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Mild interstitial pulmonary edema is new.  Heart size top-normal. Pulmonary vasculature minimally engorged. No appreciable pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: In comparison to the prior study, lung volumes are slightly lower.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  There is no focal consolidation, large effusion, or pneumothorax.  No pulmonary edema. Impression: Lower lung volumes, otherwise no acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right-sided chest tube has been removed.  The apical component of the pre-existing small pneumothorax persists.  At the lateral and basal aspects of the right lung, the lung is well expanded.  Unchanged aspect of the cardiac silhouette and of the scars at the left lung bases.  No recent lung parenchymal changes.  Known status post bilateral healed rib fractures, status post left humeral repair. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  No displaced fractures identified.', 'Findings: The previously seen small apical pneumothorax is unchanged in appearance from the prior radiograph on ___ at 18:53.  There is no pneumothorax on the left.  Stable scarring at the left base is unchanged.  There is no new consolidation.  There are no definite pleural effusions.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Stable right and left healed rib fractures are unchanged. Impression: Unchanged small right apical pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression
['Findings:  Impression: AP and lateral chest compared to ___:  Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum, and pleural surfaces.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear with no evidence of a consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Heart size remains mildly enlarged.  The aorta is  slightly tortuous.  No acute fractures are identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: are unchanged since ___. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  The patient is rotated somewhat to the left.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: Clear lungs.  No displaced fracture.  Please note that if clinical concern for rib fracture is high, rib series is more sensitive.']
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal and the lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormality is visualized. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The osseous structures are unremarkable Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities']
['Findings: There is a displaced fracture of the left mid clavicle midshaft with bony overriding.  There is a trace left apical pneumothorax, no larger than seen on the CT. The lungs are otherwise clear. The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: Trace left apical pneumothorax, no larger than seen on the prior study.  Displaced left clavicular fracture']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs are clear. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: There are no prior chest radiographs available for review.   Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Increase in density of a right lower and middle lobe opacities, concerning for pneumonia. 2.  Cardiomegaly with central vascular congestion and mild interstitial edema.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  The heart is mild to moderately enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are probably unchanged allowing for differences in technique.  There is a mild interstitial abnormality suggesting interstitial edema.  Otherwise, the appearance is unremarkable.  There may be trace bilateral pleural effusions, more suggested on the left. Impression: Findings suggesting mild vascular congestion.', 'Findings: Opacities previously seen in the right upper lobe have worsened.  Two new opacities seen in the left middle lung zone and right lower lung zone are suspicious for pneumonia.  These areas of opacity appear to be confluences of smaller nodular opacities which could also represent septic emboli.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  The pleural surfaces are unremarkable.  No pleural effusions are observed. Impression: Opacities in the right upper and lower lung zone and left mid lung zone concerning for pneumonia.
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  A slight lucency adjacent to the aortic arch may be artifactual, although similar to scout radiograph from ___ CT. Impression: No findings to suggest pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Lungs and pleural surfaces are clear.']
['Findings: Single frontal view of the chest was obtained.  A slight increase in interstitial markings bilaterally may be due to minimal interstitial edema versus less likely atypical infection.  No lobar consolidation is seen.  There is blunting of the left costophrenic angle suggesting a trace pleural effusion.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal.  No evidence of pneumothorax is seen. Impression: Diffuse slight increase in interstitial markings bilaterally may be due to mild interstitial edema, less likely atypical infection.  Small left pleural effusion.  Dedicated PA and lateral views would be helpful for further evaluation if and when patient able.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Lung volumes have improved slightly.  Heart is top normal size.  Thoracic aorta is tortuous or mildly dilated in the ascending portion.  Lungs are grossly clear and there is no pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Frontal lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrates very low lung volumes.  The cardiac sillouette is midly enlarged, which could be due to cardiomegaly or a pericardial effusion depending on the clinical setting. Normal mediastinal and hilar contours.  Clear lungs.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No displaced rib fracture. Impression: Very low lung volumes, but no evidence of pneumonia Mildly enlarged cardiac sillouette could be due to cardiomegaly or a pericardial effusion depending on the clinical setting.  Page sent to Dr ___ by Dr ___ ___:15 on ___ regarding change in final read from preliminary read.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are MILDLY HYPERINFLATED, BUT CLEAR OF focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Heart size is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  MILD EMPHYSEMA OR SMALL AIRWAY OBSTRUCTION', 'Findings: could be further assessed with shallow obliques or AP lordotic view. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT EXAMINATION: Chest:  Frontal and lateral views  INDICATION:  History: ___M with ETOH, LUQ pain  // ?pna  TECHNIQUE:  Chest Frontal and Lateral  COMPARISON:  ___  FINDINGS:   1.6 cm rounded opacity projecting over the edge of the anterior right first rib likely relates to the rib however, was less evident on the prior study. Findings could be further assessed with shallow obliques or AP lordotic view. No focal consolidation seen elsewhere. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
['Findings: Dialysis catheter projects with tip in the right atrium.  Left IJ catheter has been removed.  Lungs are very low in volume without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No free intraperitoneal air is seen. Impression: Low lung volumes without acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  As on prior, extremely low lung volumes are seen.  There is no definite consolidation nor effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  A right-sided dual lumen central venous catheter is again seen.  Dense mitral annular calcifications are also noted.  Severe degenerative changes seen at the shoulders bilaterally.  No acute osseous abnormality detected. Impression: Low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The right-sided central venous catheter tip terminates at the cavoatrial junction.  The heart size is within normal limits.  The mediastinal contours demonstrate a tortuous aorta with calcified atherosclerotic disease of the aortic knob. 
['Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  The heart is mildly enlarged.  No typical configurational abnormality is seen.  The thoracic aorta is unremarkable.  No mediastinal abnormalities are present.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  No evidence of acute pulmonary infiltrates is present and the lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free.  Apical area on frontal view does not disclose any pneumothorax. Impression: Borderline heart size but no evidence for acute pulmonary congestion or infiltrates.  No pleural effusion.  Rather advanced degenerative changes are noted in the left shoulder joint.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and grossly clear without evidence of focal consolidation.  No evidence of pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette hilar contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Interval removal of previously seen right-sided PICC.No focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No evidence of free air is seen beneath the diaphragm. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence of free air beneath the diaphragm.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest radiographs:  Supine positioning probably explains apparent mild pulmonary vascular engorgement.  Heart size normal.  Lungs clear.  No pleural effusion.']
['Findings: The lungs remain clear.  The heart is normal size.  The aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified.  Mediastinal structures are stable.  The bony thorax is grossly intact.  There is no significant change. Impression: No active cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings:  Impression: The left-sided central line is unchanged position.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  There are no focal consolidations, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. There are no pneumothoraces.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Aortic knob calcification is seen.  Surgical clips are noted in the right axilla. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: No previous images.  The heart is normal in size and there is no vascular congestion or pleural effusion.  No acute pneumonia. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no visualized pneumomediastinum. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: Normal chest x-ray.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures appear within normal limits.  There has been no significant change. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear of consolidation or effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Right middle lobe density is equivocal for early pneumonia.  Correlate clinically, and consider ___ followed by lordotic view to further assess.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Normal chest x-ray.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Endotracheal tube continues to have its tip 2.5 cm above the carina.  A nasogastric tube is seen coursing below the diaphragm with the tip coiled within the stomach.  Lung volumes remain relatively low with patchy opacity at the right base likely reflecting atelectasis.  Aspiration or pneumonia would be less likely.  No evidence of pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.  No pleural effusions.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable and within normal limits given portable technique.', 'Findings: Single frontal view of the chest demonstrates an ET tube extending 2.9 cm above the carina.  An enteric tube traverses inferiorly out of view.  The cardiac silhouette is prominent, accentuated by AP technique and low lung volume.  There is a perihilar fullness likely representing mild congestion related to resuscitation.  There is no pneumothorax or large effusion. Impression: 1. Lines and tubes appropriate in position. 2. Mild central vascular congestion, may be secondary to resuscitation.']
['Findings: There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Compared to the study from the prior day, the heart is slightly larger and there is a small left pleural effusion.  There is pulmonary vascular re-distribution and some patchy areas of volume loss in the lower lobe.  Compared to the prior study, the lungs appear slightly worse. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Portable semi upright chest radiograph.  Recently placed a Dobbhoff feeding tube is curled within the esophagus with tip directed superiorly located the level of the clavicular heads.  Right internal jugular central venous catheter is unchanged in position.    Dense left basal consolidation and milder right opacities are slightly increased from the previous examination along with unchanged left mild-to-moderate pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  Heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged.  Previously administered contrast again noted in the stomach.  Descending aortic vascular calcifications are moderate in severity. Impression: 1.  Dobbhoff tube is curled within the esophagus.  At the time of dictation, a ___ radiograph had already been
['Findings: AP and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates clear lungs bilaterally. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. No air under the right hemidiaphragm is identified. Osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: RIGHT LUNG IS CLEAR. PROJECTING OVER THE TIP OF THE SCALP IN THE LEFT LUNG THERE MAY BE A SMALL REGION OF CONSOLIDATION OR EVEN A NODULE. RECOMMEND A REPEAT CHEST RADIOGRAPHS, CAREFULLY POSITION, AS SOON AS FEASIBLE.  HEART SIZE IS NORMAL. NO APPRECIABLE PLEURAL EFFUSION.', 'Findings: Compared to ___, there is mild increase in interstitial opacities and mild enlargement of the hila, likely from pulmonary edema.  2 AP chest radiographs the demonstrate enteric tube with second radiograph demonstrating the enteric tube seen below the diaphragm and tip out of field-of-view, likely terminating in lower stomach.  The heart size is mildly enlarged, unchanged.  The lobulated mediastinal contour on right bases likely from no in esophageal varices. There is no evidence for pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: 1. Mild pulmonary edema. 2. Enteric tube likely terminating in lower stomach
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Portable single frontal chest radiograph was obtained.  Multiple left-sided chest tubes have been removed.  There is a tiny left apical pneumothorax.  Persistent left upper and lower lung opacities are unchanged with basilar atelectasis.  The right lung is essentially clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are stable. Sclerotic osseous metastases are extensive. Impression: 1.  Tiny left apical pneumothorax following chest tube removal.  2.  Unchanged left upper lobe opacity and lower lobe atelectasis with a small pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: Overall, the appearance is predominantly similar to the prior film. Subtle interval changes may be present, detailed above.  No pneumothorax is identified.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is some increased opacification at the left base consistent with some combination of atelectasis and re-accumulation of small amount of pleural fluid.  Extensive osseous metastases again seen. Impression: ', 'Findings: Single portable view of the chest. 
['Findings: The lungs demonstrate fine interstitial opacities which may represent scarring or mild edema.  Heart size is enlarged but stable.  No evidence of pneumonia.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Compression deformities of T8 and T12 are unchanged. Impression: 1. Stable cardiomegaly. 2. No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate an enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette, unchanged.  There is an opacity in the left lung base that likely represents an area of atelectasis.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  There is minimal pulmonary vascular congestion without interstitial edema. There is a stable compression deformity of the T12 vertebral body. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: There is mild cardiomegaly overall stable compared to the exam from ___.  Note is also made of pulmonary vascular congestion.  The lung volumes are low.  There is a subtle increase in opacification overlying the lung bases.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar opacities, likely atelectasis but infection is not excluded.', 'Findings: Lung volumes of substantially improved since the prior exam.  The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  No focal consolidation, edema, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart remains moderately enlarged.  The mediastinum is not widened.  Hilar contours are within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality.  Surgical clips projecting over the upper abdomen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.  Persistent moderate cardiomegaly without overt edema.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Suspect background hyperinflation.  The heart is not enlarged.  Aorta is calcified minimally unfolded.  There is no CHF, focal infiltrate or consolidation.  In particular, no focal opacities suggest aspiration pneumonitis is identified.  There are small bilateral effusions, left-greater-than- right, versus small amount of pleural thickening.  Focal faint density associated with the right ninth rib could represent sequela from an old healed fracture.  Incidental note made of equivocal synostosis of of the fourth and fifth anterior ribs. Impression: Small bilateral pleural effusions.  No focal opacity to suggest pneumonia or focal aspiration.  No pneumothorax detected.  Suspect old healed right lower rib fracture, question ninth rib.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Overall severity of diffuse infiltrative pulmonary abnormality is unchanged, low lung volumes stable.  Small pleural effusions presumed but clinically insignificant.  No pneumothorax.  Heart size normal.  ET tube in standard placement, feeding tube passes into the stomach and out of view and right internal jugular line ends low in the SVC.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: The endotracheal tube ends 4.5 cm above the carina, not significantly changed.  An enteric catheter courses below the level of the diaphragm, ending within the stomach.  An additional orogastric tube also courses below the level of the diaphragm, passing out of the field of view inferiorly.  A right internal jugular central venous catheter ends in the low SVC.  There is a diffuse bilateral lung interstitial abnormality that is not significantly changed compared to the prior study from ___ and could be due to underlying interstitial edema.  Heterogeneous left retrocardiac
['Findings: PA and lateral images of the chest. The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Upright PA and lateral radiograph of the chest.  The lungs show mild bibasilar atalectasis but are otherwise clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is dextroconvex curvature centered over the lower thoracic spine.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Mild bibasilar atalectasis. Otherwise, unremarkable radiographs of the chest.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The lung volumes are low.  Allowing for low lung volumes, the mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There are patchy bibasilar opacities, which suggest crowding of vascular markings associated with low lung volumes without definite focal opacity suggestive of pneumonia.  Mild pleural thickening is present at each lung apex.  The bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: In comparison to ___ chest radiograph, asymmetrically distributed perihilar regions of consolidation are new, more severe on the right than the left.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are also new in the interval.  Heart is upper limits of normal in size and is slightly larger than on the prior study, accompanied by mild pulmonary vascular congestion and scattered basilar interstitial opacities. Impression: Asymmetrically distributed perihilar airspace opacities are concerning for multifocal pneumonia in the setting of fever and cough.  Coexisting interstitial opacities could reflect an atypical pneumonia but are more likely due to interstitial edema in the setting of pulmonary vascular congestion and new small bilateral pleural effusions.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Considering the complexity of the chest radiograph findings, followup radiographs are recommended in ___ weeks to ensure resolution following appropriate antibiotic therapy.  NOTIFICATION:  The impression and recommendation above was entered by Dr. ___ on ___ at 10:42 into the Department of Radiology critical communications system for direct communication to the referring provider.', 'Findings: Sternotomy, MVR.  Right IJ introducer sheath in place.  Endotr
['Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged, unchanged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Severe distention of the esophagus and stomach have improved slightly since ___, and the previous severe intestinal distention seen in the upper abdomen is no longer present. There is no pneumoperitoneum a pneumothorax.  Aside from mild atelectasis at the left base, on the Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax. Small pleural effusion on the left if any. Heart size normal.', 'Findings: were reported by telephone at 8:15 to Dr ___. Impression: Patient has been extubated.  Left lower lobe collapse has increased accompanied by increasing small bilateral pleural effusion.  Severe subcutaneous emphysema, frequently seen after laparoscopic surgery may have improved, but there is now probably a small new or newly apparent left apical pneumothorax. Preoperative gaseous distention of the upper and mid esophagus has returned. No nasogastric drainage tube is evident.  Heart size top-normal.  NOTIFICATION:  Findings were reported by telephone at 8:15 to Dr ___.', 'Findings: The esophagus is diffusely, severely dilated and patulous. There
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has undergone valve replacement.  The sternotomy wires are in unchanged position.  The patient has a Swan-Ganz catheter in correct position.  The radiograph shows moderate fluid overload and mild interstitial edema.  The heart continues to be moderately enlarged.  However, no pleural effusions or pneumothorax is seen.  Mild overinflation of the stomach, potentially amenable to improvement by nasogastric tube placement. Impression: ', 'Findings: by telephone 2 minutes after the recognition. Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Mild pulmonary edema has improved since ___, including the most recent chest radiograph at 9:01 p.m.  There is greater opacification in the left suprahilar upper lobe than anywhere and while this may be asymmetric edema and should be monitored to exclude concurrent pneumonia, particularly aspiration.  ET tube is in standard placement.  Right internal jugular line ends close to the superior cavoatrial junction.  Greater opacification at the lung bases is probably a combination of mild dependent edema, atelectasis and pleural effusions collected posteriorly, even though small.  No pneum
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Cardiac silhouette is top-normal in size.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  No free intraperitoneal air. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are normal. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal contours. Right pectoral Port-A-Cath in correct position, the tip of the line projects over the mid to lower SVC. No pneumothorax or other complications.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lung volumes are somewhat low though lungs appear clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The heart appears top-normal in size.  Mediastinal contour is unremarkable.  Imaged osseous structures are intact.  Degenerative changes are noted in the lumbar spine.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged and there is no overt pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits and unchanged.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected.  There is no free air beneath the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes, accentuating the heart size, which appears mildly enlarged, which may also be partially due to imaging technique.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax identified within the lungs.  Bibasilar atelectasis is present.  The osseous structures appear intact. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There are low lung volumes.  Given this, no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is identified. Impression: Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary process seen.', 'Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate clear lungs and normal hilar and cardiomediastinal contours.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: Normal radiograph of the chest.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette
['Findings: Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs and pleural surfaces are clear.  There are no pleural effusions or concerning skeletal findings. Impression: No radiographic evidence of intrathoracic lymph node enlargement.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  The heart is moderately enlarged.  The lungs appear clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The aorta is partially calcified.  The bony structures appear somewhat demineralized, though appear intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.  Prominence of the central pulmonary hila is unchanged and previously attributed to pulmonary arterial hypertension. Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly.  Otherwise, no acute findings.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is enlarged, unchanged since the prior study. Mediastinal contours are unchanged including prominence of the pulmonary artery, consistent with pulmonary hypertension. Lungs are overall clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Calcifications of the mitral anulus are present, extensive, unchanged.  Overall no abnormality to suggest acute process demonstrated.  Questionable nodule is projecting over the right upper lung, approximately 7 mm in diameter, not clearly seen on the prior examination, does further assessment with chest CT would be beneficial.', 'Findings: Mediastinal contours, hilar, cardiac borders are
['Findings: Extremely low lung volumes are again noted with secondary crowding of the bronchovascular markings. The lungs however clear focal consolidation, or effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities identified noting anterior wedging of lower thoracic vertebral bodies with associated kyphosis. Impression: Low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities most likely atelectasis noting infection cannot be entirely excluded.']
['Findings: ET tube ends in the proximal trachea above the level of the clavicles.  Gastric tube ends past the diaphragm outside of the view of the chest radiograph.  No consolidation, pleural effusion or pulmonary edema is seen, and the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits for this portable radiograph technique. Impression: Tip of the ET tube is high.  Recommend advancement approximately 1-2 cm.  Appropriate OG tube placement.']
['Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a right chest wall port terminating at the cavoatrial junction and an esophageal stent.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is appreciated.  Platelike atelectasis versus scarring in the left lower lobe is unchanged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Right chest wall port is again seen.  Linear lingular opacity is compatible with atelectasis versus scarring.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  Lower esophageal stent is new since ___.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change is noted.  Right pectoral Port-A-Cath in correct position.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Mild elongation of the descending aorta.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates clear lungs bilaterally. No focal consolidation convincing for pneumonia is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Osseous structures demonstrate no acute abnormality. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___.  Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Heart size normal.  No pleural abnormality.  Lateral view shows fullness in the esophagus, with no definite fluid level.  This could be retained fluid or esophageal thickening.   RECOMMENDATION(S):  Contrast swallow to evaluate the esophagus.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is again no evidence acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. The soft tissue fullness in the region of the esophagus is not definitely appreciated on this study.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  Metallic surgical hardware is seen in the lower cervical spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax. There is no pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Feeding tube with the wire stylet in place ends in the upper stomach. Heart size normal. Lungs clear. No pleural', 'Findings:  Impression: Tracheostomy is in place.  NG tube tip seems to be 2 proximal at the gastroesophageal junction and should be further advanced and 15 cm. Minimal bibasal atelectasis, left more than right is noted.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Cardiomegaly is unchanged. There is interval improvement of pulmonary edema.  NG tube tip is in the proximal stomach.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear of airspace or interstitial opacity.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  No acute or aggressive osseus changes.  There is new subcutaneous emphysema in the left chest wall. Impression: New subcutaneous emphysema in the left chest wall of unclear etiology.No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: NG tube tip is in the stomach.
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: Low lung volumes are present.  The heart size is top normal.  Widening of the superior mediastinal contour may be due to low lung volumes and supine AP technique.  There is upper zone vascular redistribution which may be attributable to supine positioning without overt pulmonary edema.  Patchy opacities in the lung bases likely reflect areas of atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected on this supine exam.  Mildly displaced fractures of the left lateral sixth and seventh ribs are noted.  Degenerative spurring is seen involving the right acromioclavicular joint. Impression: Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  Mildly displaced left sixth and seventh rib fractures.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are quite low, accentuating the heart and mediastinal size, and causing crowding of the pulmonary vasculature.  The lungs are grossly clear, with no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, overt pulmonary edema, or focal consolidation.  No acute osseous abnormalities are detected. Impression: 1. Low lung volumes likely account for accentuated heart size. 2. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Consider reimaging with conventional radiographs at full inspiration to ensure no cardiomediastinal enlargement.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed via telephone by Dr. ___ with Dr. Dr.  ___  on ___ at 2:09 AM, 1 minute after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings: The lungs are normally expanded without focal airspace opacity.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are stable without cardiomegaly.  There are aortic calcifications.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Bilateral ovoid densities projecting over the lower lung fields likely reflect nipple shadows.  There is similar degree of rightward curvature centered over the thoracic spine.  There are postoperative changes projecting over the upper mediastinum and neck with anterior and posterior fusion hardware and surgical clips. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison to ___ chest radiograph, the patient has been intubated with endotracheal tube in standard position.  Additionally, a a new area of consolidation has developed a left retrocardiac region, and it raises the possibility of aspiration and less likely developing infectious pneumonia. No other relevant change.', 'Findings: AP portable supine view of the chest.   There is a right IJ central venous catheter with its tip in the region of the mid SVC.  Patient is slightly rotated to the left.  Lung
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size for technique. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is present without frank pulmonary edema.  Patchy left retrocardiac opacity likely represents patchy atelectasis, but aspiration is an additional consideration in the recent postoperative setting. Mild-to-moderate gastric distention is seen in the imaged portion of the upper abdomen. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.No pleural abnormality is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant changes are seen.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema.  Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  The hilar and mediastinal structures are unremarkable.  No abnormalities in the lung parenchyma. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are normally expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. A faint, square shaped density projecting over the right upper lobe is noted. Impression: Faint, square shaped density projecting over the right upper lobe is likely artifactual or external to the patient. If confirmation is desired the study could be repeated.   Results submitted to the ED QA Nurses for communication to ___ primary care physician; 11:50 pm, ___.', 'Findings: The heart is normal in size.  There is no prominence of the central
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest were provided.  Multiple linear densities project over the chest most notable on the lateral projection, likely external.  Minimal linear density on the frontal projection in the left midlung and right lower lung could represent focal areas of platelike atelectasis.  There is no definite consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic calcifications are present.  The heart size appears within normal limits.  No bony abnormalities are detected. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are hyperinflated but essentially clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Multiple fiducial markers are again noted in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Single portable chest radiograph was provided.  Lung volumes are low.  There are bibasilar opacities, likely atelectasis.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions.  There is mild central vascular pulmonary congestion.  There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is partially visualized and within normal limits. Impression: Small bilateral pleural effusions and pulmonary congestion.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  Lungs are clear without signs of pneumonia or CHF.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears within normal limits.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right
['Findings: There is increasing opacity in the right lower and probably middle lobes with air bronchograms concerning for pneumonia including a small suspected pleural effusion.  A decubitus view may be useful if further assessment of the effusion is desired.   A small nodular focus projecting over the right lung apex reflects a lung nodule seen on the prior CT.  A left apical nodule is also visible while other small nodules are not well seen on radiography.  Sclerotic metastases involving the T11 and T12 vertebral bodies are not optimally visualized, particularly the L1 metastasis. Impression: Increasing right basilar opacification including a pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate a moderate right pleural effusion and associated atelectasis. Known right lower lobe mass is unchanged. The left lung is clear. There is no pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinal contours are stable. A PleurX catheter is unchanged in position. Impression: Moderate pleural effusion, not significantly changed in size.', 'Findings: The previously reported 7 mm diameter nodular opacity in the left lower lung is again demonstrated, as
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is a substantial layering right pleural effusion with compressive atelectasis at the base.  On the left, there is obscuration of the hemidiaphragm consistent with volume loss in left lower lobe and small pleural effusion.  No definite pulmonary vascular congestion.    Endotracheal tube is now in place with its tip approximately 4.3 cm above the carina. Impression: ', 'Findings: There is moderate prominence of the pulmonary vascularity including indistinctness and upper zone redistribution suggesting mild-to-moderate vascular congestion.  Hazy basilar opacification suggests moderate bilaterla pleural effusions.  Associated atelectasis is suspected and lung volumes are low.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Findings suggesting mild-to-moderate pulmonary vascular congestion with bilateral pleural effusions and opacities at the lung bases likely due to associated atelectasis.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Right-sided Port-A-Cath tip close to the cavoatrial junction.  The endotracheal tube is in good position.  There is worsening right upper lobe opacity representing loculated pleural fluid and airspace opacity.  The right lower lobe effusion has also increased.  No change in appearance of the left lung. Impression: Interval worsening of the right-sided pleural effusion and right upper lobe opacity.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___ from an outside facility, there is little change.  Areas of opacification are again seen in the right upper zone consistent with some combination of parenchymal and fibrotic changes.  Blunting of the right costophrenic angle is again noted in consistent with pleural effusion.  The left lung is hyperexpanded and clear. Right Port-A-Cath extends to the lower portion of the SVC.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no evidence of pneumothorax of the thoracocentesis.  A right chest drain is in situ.  There is considerable better ventilation of the right apical lung portions.
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has received a nasogastric tube.  The tip of the tube projects over the middle parts of the stomach, the sidehole is located in the stomach.  The course of the tube is unremarkable.  No evidence of complications, notably no pneumothorax.  Relatively low lung volumes with mild retrocardiac atelectasis.  No other abnormalities. Impression: ', 'Findings: An enteric tube courses below the level of the diaphragm and appears to terminate in the stomach.  Heart size is mildly enlarged.  Minimal atelectasis at the left base.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: An enteric tube courses below the level of the diaphragm and appears to terminate in the stomach.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No evidence of atelectasis or pneumonia.', 'Findings: A frontal supine view of the chest was obtained portably. The patient has been ext
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained demonstrating clear well expanded lungs without focal consolidation, effusion, pneumothorax.  No signs of granulomatous disease.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are low.  Bilateral areas of platelike atelectasis at the lung bases.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette, unchanged.  As compared to the previous image from ___.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ there are newly appeared healed left-sided rib fractures.  Otherwise the radiograph is normal.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: A right PICC terminates over the right axilla.  There is interval development of a large air loculation in the right lung base with an air-fluid level, significantly progressed from the prior CT of ___ and chest radiograph of ___.  There is surrounding opacification of the right lower lobe, which may reflect compressive atelectasis or superimposed infection.  Pleural fluid is also seen tracking along the lateral wall of the right hemithorax.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion/interstitial edema.  The cardiomediastinal contours are incompletely evaluated in the setting of the right basilar collection, but appear grossly stable.  A right internal jugular hemodialysis catheter is unchanged in position with the tip likely projecting over the right atrium. Impression: 1.  Interval development of right posterior basal loculated air-fluid collection, significantly progressed from chest CT of ___.  Surrounding lung opacification may represent compressive atelectasis or superimposed infection. 2.  Pleural fluid extending along the right lateral wall of the hemithorax could represent loculated fluid. 3.  Mild
['Findings: Left chest wall vagal nerve stimulator is identified.  Where seen, the lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Compression deformities of an upper and a mid thoracic vertebral bodies are identified, age indeterminate. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Age-indeterminate thoracic compression deformities for which clinical correlation is suggested.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouettes appear stable. The bilateral hila are within normal limits. Mild hyperinflation, best appreciated on lateral view, again suggests underlying COPD, though this is less apparent than on prior study. The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace abnormality. There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or effusion. There is mild levoscoliosis of the upper thoracic spine. Impression: Mild hyperinflation suggestive of underlying COPD without evidence of superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.  No significant change from prior exam.', 'Findings: AP upright portable chest radiograph was provided.  Lungs appear hyperinflated with upper lobe lucency suggesting underlying emphysema.  There is mild but stable linear opacity in the lower lungs, likely representing atelectasis or scarring.  The left CP angle is excluded.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Findings compatible with emphysema without superimposed acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Portable AP chest radiograph is very rotated to the right.  Right basilar consolidation has worsened considerably in the last 12 hours.  Left basilar opacities are not significantly changed.  Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged from multiple priors as is severe levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar junction. Impression: Worsening right basilar consolidation, consistent with aspiration pneumonia.  Findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ by phone at 10:26 a.m. on ___.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___, 9:07 a.m.:  New endotracheal tube, tip no more than 12 mm above the carina.  Overlying insufflation bulb should not be mistaken for a second internal device.  Previous edema in the left lower lobe has improved.  There is either very distended lower esophagus or hiatus hernia projecting to the left of the descending thoracic aorta, and perhaps to the right of the cardiac silhouette as well, although this could alternatively be a collapsed right lower lobe, as well as small right pleural effusion.  Cardiac silhouette is chronically severely enlarged.  No
['Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  The heart size is within normal limits.  No typical configurational abnormalities identified.  The thoracic aorta is mildly widened and elongated but no local contour abnormalities or wall calcifications are seen.  No mediastinal abnormalities are identified.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  No signs of acute or chronic parenchymal infiltrates are present and the lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free.  No pneumothorax in the apical area can be identified on the frontal view.  Comparison is made with two previous chest examinations dated ___ and ___.  There are no new pulmonary abnormalities.  The heart size is stable.  Mild widening and elongation of the thoracic aorta existed already earlier and is unchanged. Impression: Stable chest findings, no evidence of acute infiltrates.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The aorta is moderately tortuous.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were performed.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The cardiac silhouette is normal.  There is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  There are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.  The mediastinum is unremarkable. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  The PA film was repeated once jewelry was removed.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings:  Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia.']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Minimal atelectasis seen in the lung bases without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormalities are visualized. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Massive overinflation persists.  However, the lung volumes have slightly decreased in the interval, moderate elongation of the descending aorta.  Right lower lobe parenchymal opacities have decreased but a new parenchymal opacity is visualized in the right upper lobe, raising concern for right upper lobe pneumonia.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema. Given the presence of severe underlying chronic obstructive lung disease, the pneumonia must be followed radiographically until complete resolution.', 'Findings:  Impression: Deviation of the trachea to the right, at the level of the thoracic inlet, likely caused by an enlarged thyroid.  Position other abnormality at the level of the right shoulder. The lung parenchyma shows rather centralized and right lower lobe predominant extensive bronchiectasis with signs of bronchial wall thickening. Coexisting ill-defined opacities in more peripheral lung zones could reflect was plugging or peribronchial foci of infection.  Typical signs suggesting ABPA are not visible.  No pleural effusions.  The lateral radiograph, however, reveals severe overin
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Normal chest.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  Midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are noted.  There is no definite consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  There is an irregular density in the right mid lung projecting between the right fifth and sixth posterior rib arch, which may represent calcified pleural plaque.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears grossly unremarkable.  Bony structures appear intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process. Calcified pleural plaque accounts for irregular density overlying the right mid lung - partially confirmed on CTA head/neck performed subsequently.']
['Findings: Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Mediastinum, hila and pleural surfaces are unremarkable.  Heart size normal. Impression: No evidence of active pulmonary tuberculosis.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen.  No displaced fracture is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No displaced rib fracture is seen, however, please note that dedicated rib series or chest CT are more sensitive.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The visualized lung fields are clear of any focal opacities, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart is top normal in size.  The aorta is slightly unfolded.  No signs of CHF.  Bony structures intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Top normal heart size, otherwise normal.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest show clear, but low volume lungs, which accentuate bronchovascular markings.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Mild cardiomegaly is longstanding.  There is no pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ', '
['Findings: No previous images.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or old tuberculous disease. Impression: ']
['Findings: AP and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a right Port-A-Cath terminating in the low SVC.  The lung volumes are low with bibasilar atelectasis.  Underlying infectious process cannot be excluded.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged.  The aorta is slightly tortuous with atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the arch.  Hilar contours are similar. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Streaky opacities are noted in the lung bases without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected.  No acute osseous abnormalities seen. Impression: Streaky opacities in the lung bases, likely atelectasis.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low compared to the previous study.  This accentuates the size of the cardiac silhouette which appears moderately enlarged.  The aorta remains tortuous.  Crowding of bronchovascular structures is demonstrated without overt pulmonary edema.  Patchy opacities within the lung bases likely reflect areas of atelectasis.  Minimal blunting of the left costophrenic angle suggests a small left pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Low lung volumes with patchy opacities in the lung bases, possibly atelectasis.  Small left pleural effusion.', 'Find
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Left hemidiaphragm is no longer elevated, presumably reflecting either improvement in intestinal distention or remission of previously unrecognized left lower lobe atelectasis.  Lungs are clear aside from a small cylindrical opacity in the right mid lung laterally which could be either atelectasis or tiny mucoid impaction.  Pleural effusion is insignificant, if any.  The heart is normal size.  This examination neither suggests nor excludes the diagnosis of acute pulmonary embolism.', "Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest.  Lateral view is limited as patient's arms are down by her side.  The lungs appear clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected.  Surgical clips are identified in the upper abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process."]
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated suggesting COPD in the appropriate clinical setting.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.  Left hemidiaphragm is mildly elevated. Impression: Hyperinflated, clear lungs. No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes are appropriate. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates clear lungs bilaterally.  Heart size is top normal.  There is no pleural effusion, evidence to suggest pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. No air is identified under the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___ through ___.  Previous moderate right pleural effusion is smaller very small left pleural effusion stable.  Heart size normal.  Very mild interstitial pulmonary abnormality in the absence of appreciable vascular engorgement could be chronic, rather than acute pulmonary edema.  Lateral view strongly recommended for assessment of possible right lower lobe consolidation.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Conventional chest radiographs, when feasible.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Bilateral pleural effusions are moderate, unchanged.  Right basal consolidation is unchanged.', 'Findings:  Impression: Almost complete collapse of the left lower lobe is new.  ET tube is in standard position.  NG tube tip is out of view below the diaphragm.  Right lower lobe opacities are a combination of effusion and atelectasis, increasing from prior.  There is no evident pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal structures are shifted to the left.  Mild vascular congestion is stable.', 'Findings: The tip of the endotracheal tube projects over the mid
['Findings: The heart size, mediastinal, and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.                                                                                ___, MD CC: DR. ___', 'Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax.  A calcified 4-mm nodular opacity projecting over the right lower lung.  Also, the anterior right sixth rib may represent a calcified granuloma versus a bone island.  No acute fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Left-sided cardiac pacing device with dual leads following their expected courses to the right atrium and ventricle.  There is no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Heart size is normal.  Subcentimeter nodular opacity at the right base is unchanged since the prior chest radiograph and has been previously attributed to a nipple shadow in the absence of a lung abnormality in this region on interval CT abdomen of ___ Impression: Left-sided cardiac pacing device with dual leads following their expected courses to the right atrium and ventricle.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of earlier in this date, there is still substantial opacification of the right hemithorax with a small amount of aerated lung at the base.  Obliquity of the patient makes it difficult to evaluate the left lung, where there probably are some atelectatic changes.  Right IJ catheter, endotracheal tube, and nasogastric tube remains in place. Impression: ', 'Findings: New PICC line ends in mid SVC.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  ET tube is 5.1 cm above the carina.  Severe right lung pneumonia is unchanged.  CONCLUSION:  1.  There is no complication after IJ line placement. 2.  Unchanged severe right lung pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: There is near complete opacification of the right lung field with linear demarcation of the right upper lobe opacification by the minor fissure and some areas of aeration.  There is no mediastinal shift.  The left lung field is incompletely imaged, but the visualized portion demonstrates adequate aeration.  Endotrache
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  There is a possible right sixth lateral rib fracture.  If indicated, a dedicated rib series can be performed.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of chest.    The mediastinum, heart, pleural surfaces are all normal.  Minimal peribronchial cuffing is noted.  There is no evidence of pneumonia. Impression: Minimal peribronchial cuffing compatible with small airways disease.  No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes. No large pulmonary mass is identified.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The heart is moderately enlarged.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable.  Multiple surgical clips project over right upper abdomen. Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly.  No definite pulmonary mass is identified.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: AP portable supine view of the chest.  Lungs appear clear without focal consolidation, or supine evidence for an effusion or pneumothorax. There is opacity at the left costophrenic angle which could represent atelectasis. Please refer to CT torso performed subsequently. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: No acute findings. Please refer to subsequent CT torso for further details.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change. Continued opacification at the left base consistent with volume loss in the lower lobes and small pleural effusion. No evidence of vascular congestion or acute focal pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  No focal consolidation, edema, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinum is not widened.  Hilar contours are within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.  No pneumonia.']
['Findings: PA lateral images of the chest.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or frank pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The left costophrenic sulcus is excluded from the PA view.  Lungs are well expanded and clear.  Heart is normal in size and cardiomediastinal contour is unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: As compared to the prior examination performed 1 day earlier, there has been no relevant interval change.  Mild bronchial cuffing is noted, predominantly on the lateral film. There is no evidence of focal consolidation, ple
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate increased opacity in the left perihilar region extending down into the left lower lobe lung, with corresponding opacity overlying the spine on lateral view.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Left lower lobe lobe consolidation concerning for pneumonia.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little overall change.  Extensive biapical changes are consistent with old granulomatous disease in a patient with some hyperexpansion consistent with chronic lung disease.  No evidence of acute focal pneumonia or vascular congestion.  The discrete nodular opacification in the right upper zone suggested previously is not seen at this time. Impression: ', 'Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear hyperinflated.  Irregular pulmonary architecture is suggestive of emphysema.  Scarring at each lung apex is again widespread.  Although mostly similar, there is a newly apparent nodular focus at the right apex whose better defined portion measures about 7 mm in diameter with surrounding vague patchy opacity which has also increased.  Otherwise, chest findings appear stable.  Moderate rightward convex curvature is centered along the mid-to-upper thoracic spine.  Mild degenerative changes are noted along the thoracic spine. Impression: 1.  Increased nodular density at the right lung apex in the
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits.  The bilateral hila are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: When compared to priors, there has been no significant interval change.  Postoperative changes of left pneumonectomy with shift of the right lung into the left hemi thorax is again noted.  The right lung is grossly clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  No acute osseous abnormalities, chronic changes of left thoracotomy are noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is increasing opacity at the left lung bases, suggesting pneumonia.  The changes are constant in appearance and shows several air bronchograms.  At the time of dictation and observation, 9:13 a.m., on ___, the referring physician ___. ___ was paged for notification.  The pre-existing opacity at the right lung base has completely resolved.  The areas of apical thickening, combined to bilateral apical fibrosis, are constant in appearance.  Constant appearance of the cardiac silhouette.  No pneumothorax.  No pleural effusions. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Severe emphysema.  No superimposed pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recent ___.  New endotracheal tube is in standard placement.  New nasogastric drainage tube passes below the diaphragm and out of view.  Combination of small left pleural effusion and persistent left lower lobe atelectasis is more pronounced today, accompanied by new thickening of the left lateral costal pleural surface.  No pneumothorax.  Mild to moderate cardiomegaly stable.  Borderline pulmonary vascular engorgement.  No pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Moderate cardiomegaly is noted with mild central congestion. Hilar fullness is noted. There are small bilateral pleural effusions. No convincing sign of pneumonia.  Mediastinal contour stable. No pneumothorax.  Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: Mild central congestion, small effusions.', 'Findings: AP supine chest radiograph.  Endotracheal tube terminates 3.7 cm above the carina.
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lung fields are clear. There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no focal lung consolidation.  There is no displaced rib fracture. Impression: No radiographic explanation for chest pain.']
['Findings: The patient is status post coronary artery bypass graft surgery.  There is a  persistent loculated pleural effusion along the minor fissure on the right, but decreased even since the recent chest CT, comparing to scout views from that study.  A loculated basilar and lateral pleural effusion, however, is probably not substantially changed since the recent prior CT, with corresponding atelectasis.  It is not possible to exclude a persistent small left-sided pleural effusion that may be obscured, but none is clearly visible. The left base appears similar to the prior scout view.  The chest is hyperinflated.  The bones are probably demineralized.  There is similar slight rightward convex curvature centered along the lower thoracic spine. Impression: Decrease in loculated pleural effusion along the right major fissure with no other definite change.  No definite evidence of superimposed acute process.', 'Findings: There is slight increase in the right-sided pleural effusion and loculated pleural fluid within the right minor fissure since the ___ study. This is best seen on the lateral view. No focal consolidation or overt pulmonary edema is present. The
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no pulmonary edema.  The heart is normal in size, and the mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: Normal chest radiographs.']
['Findings: The patient is rotated somewhat to the left.There relatively low lung volumes and mild basilar atelectasis.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion, likely accentuated by low lung volumes. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion, likely accentuated by low lung volumes.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No radiopaque foreign body. Impression: No evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart size remains borderline enlarged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is visualized. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Heart size is top normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Severe nearly confluent and symmetric bilateral pulmonary opacification obscures what were smaller foci of probable pneumonia in the right mid lung laterally.  The new process, accompanied by mild mediastinal vascular engorgement is probably edema, not necessarily cardiogenic, or diffuse pulmonary hemorrhage.  I doubt that pneumonia would develop and coalesce so quickly.  Heart size is top normal.  Pleural effusions are small if any.', 'Findings: The heart size appears mildly enlarged, unchanged.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  Perihilar haziness is noted with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Focal patchy opacity within the right upper to mid lung field is again noted.  Patchy opacity is also demonstrated within the left lung base.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Bilateral breast implants are re- demonstrated. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Patchy opacities within the left lung base and right upper to mid lung field are nonspecific, and could reflect areas of infection.', 'Findings: B
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Surgical clips seen in the right upper quadrant. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Single frontal view of the chest demonstrates top normal cardiac size.  The lung volumes are low, accentuating bronchovascular crowding.  There is no confluent consolidation to indicate pneumonia.  There is no pneumothorax or large effusion.  There is no definite pulmonary vascular congestion. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  Given lower lung volumes there has been no change.  The lung volumes likely account for crowding of the pulmonary vascular markings.  Linear opacities at the left lung base likely due to atelectasis.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Calcific density projecting over the right scapula, potentially intra-articular bodies.  Osseous structures are otherwise unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is top normal with a left ventricular predominance. The aortic knob is calcified. Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormality is detected.  Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is chronic. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  The low lung volumes exaggerate cardiomegaly, but this may have worsened since ___.  Very large pulmonary arteries suggest pulmonary arterial hypertension.  Small bilateral pleural effusions and greater pulmonary vascular engorgement are new.  A left PIC line ends in the mid-to-low SVC.  No pulmonary edema or pneumonia.  Severely calcified mitral annulus predisposes this patient to mitral regurgitation.', "Findings: Portable chest radiograph demonstrates interval placement of a Dobbhoff tube with tip obscured from view but well below diaphragm.  Of note, the DHT appears to still have wire in place.  In addition, there is likely coiling of the tube in the pharynx.  After confirming with team placing Dobbhoff, the tube was fixed to the patient's cheek at the time of x-ray and thus not draped across the neck.  There is stable left PICC line with tip in the mid SVC.  Otherwise, there is a minimal improvement of the pulmonary edema with a stable small left pleural effusion.
['Findings: Upright AP and lateral views of the chest were provided.  The lungs appear clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Bony structures appear intact.  Bones appear somewhat demineralized.  There is high-riding right humeral head which could indicate chronic rotator cuff disease. Impression: No acute traumatic injury.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no pulmonary edema.  The heart is normal in size, and the mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes, which accentuate bronchovascular markings.  There is no pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  Low lung volumes.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are reduced.  The heart size is mildly enlarged with dense mitral annular calcifications noted. Aortic knob is calcified.  There is crowding of the bronchovascular structures, but no pulmonary edema is demonstrated.  The hilar contours are unremarkable.  Peripheral patchy opacities are noted projecting over the right upper and mid lung fields which are unchanged and may be attributable to a chronic interstitial abnormality.  Patchy opacities within the left mid and lower lung fields may reflect areas of atelectasis or infection.  Minimal blunting of the right costophrenic angle is chronic and compatible with pleural thickening.  No pleural effusion is otherwise seen.  No pneumothorax is identified.  Remote left-sided rib fractures are seen. Impression: Patchy opacities within the left mid and lower lung fields may reflect atelectasis or infection.  Chronic opacities within the right upper and mid lung fields peripherally.']
['Findings: Single AP portable upright view of the chest provided. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax. The heart remains mildly enlarged. Bony structures are intact. Impression: Stable cardiomegaly, otherwise unremarkable.  NOTIFICATION:  Changes to initial read were telephoned to Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ on ___ at 1:50PM.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal and stable.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded and clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  There is no free air under the diaphragm.  No displaced rib fracture is seen. Impression: 1. The right lower lobe
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinum is normal.  Pleural effusion/pleural thickening is bilateral, unchanged.  Subcutaneous air within the left chest wall is new as well as on the right.  The patient is after vertebroplasty, unchanged in appearance as well as pre-existing multiple vertebral compression fracture.  There is no focal pneumonia.  Small bilateral pleural effusion on the lateral view appears to be slightly increased as compared to the recent CT torso.']
['Findings: The heart is moderate to severely enlarged.  Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  In addition to mild background congestion there is a new diffuse mild to moderate interstitial abnormality most consistent with pulmonary edema.  There is no definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Inferior vena cava filter projects over the right upper abdomen. Impression: Findings consistent with mild to moderate pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: No prior studies are available for comparison.  The heart is severely enlarged.  There are diffuse airspace opacities most pronounced in the lower lobes.  There are small to moderate bilateral pleural effusions.  There is no pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormality is seen. Impression: Cardiomegaly diffuse primarily lower lobe airspace opacities and bilateral pleural effusions findings favor pulmonary edema with differentials including multifocal infection.', 'Findings: Compared to the prior study there is no significant interval change. Impression: No change.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there again is huge enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.  Little overall change in
['Findings: A right Port-A-Cath is in place, with the tip terminating at the SVC/right atrial junction.  The lungs are hyperinflated and clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged and there is no overt pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are obtained.  A right-sided Port-A-Cath is seen, terminating in the distal SVC.  No pneumothorax is seen.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable.  Degenerative changes are seen along the spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are poorly expanded but without focal opacities.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no evidence of abdominal free air. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process or signs of intra-abdominal free air.', 'Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There are no focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia.  The lungs are symmetrically well expanded.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Surgical clips in the right upper quadrant
['Findings:  Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The heart is normal in size.  Mediastinal contour is normal.  No hilar abnormality.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Bony structures intact. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.  Specifically, normal mediastinal contour.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  No acute osseous abnormalities are seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Prominence of the right pulmonary hilum has been recently assessed on the PET-CT.  Previously noted pulmonary nodules are not seen on these radiographs.  The heart is mildly enlarged, and there is a right cardiac device with its leads in appropriate position. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic arch.  Right chest wall triple lead pacing device is again noted.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs remain clear with no new focal areas of opacification concerning for pneumonia.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are stable demonstrating mild tortuosity of thoracic aorta.  Heart size is normal.  Pulmonary vascularity is not increased.  There is stable mild wedging of a lower thoracic vertebral body. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Lungs are clear overall, though slight obscuration of the left costophrenic sulcus is seen which may be due to atelectasis, though pneumonia cannot be fully excluded.  There is no right-sided pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart is top normal in size with normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. No displaced rib fractures are seen. Impression: No displaced rib fractures, but right ribs are incompletely imaged on this radiograph. Left basal opacity likely atelectasis, though in the setting of infectious symptoms pneumonia should be considered.   This was discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ at ___ on ___ by phone.']
['Findings: Compared to the prior study there is no significant interval change. Impression: No change.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen.  The size of the cardiac silhouette has mildly increased.  However, no evidence of pulmonary edema is seen.  Old healed rib fractures on the left.  Status post implantation of a superior vena cava device.  No pleural effusions.  Moderate elongation of the descending aorta.  No pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: Right PICC line tip is at the level of cavoatrial junction.  Pacemaker defibrillator leads are in unchanged positions.  Right pleural effusion is moderate, unchanged.  There is interval decrease in minimal currently right apical pneumothorax.  No left pneumothorax is seen.', 'Findings: Right Swan-Ganz catheter should be pulled back. Worsened right basilar opacity, likely atelectasis. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Left-sided pacemaker, left ventricular assist device, and right-sided PICC line are unchanged position.  Bilateral chest tubes have been removed.  No pneumothoraces are seen on either side.  There are small bilateral effusions, right slightly greater than left. There are no pneumothoraces.  Several right-sided rib fractures are again seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: The pulmonary artery catheter  is in the right lower lobe pulmonary artery, in fixed wedge position .  It should be pulled back at least 7 cm if it is desired location is within the right main pulmonary artery.  Pacemaker leads are unchanged in appearance and position
['Findings:  Impression: Mild congestive heart failure with mild pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Small right apical pneumothorax, stable since ___. 2.  Bilateral pulmonary consolidations, predominant in the lower lobes, likely represent asymmetric pulmonary edema, less likely infection.', 'Findings: There is a right-sided pneumothorax which is stable to slightly larger than on the prior study.  The left apical pneumothorax is no longer seen.  There is a right-sided PICC line whose distal lead tip is in the proximal SVC.  Cardiac silhouette is enlarged.  There is persistent small bilateral pleural effusions.  There is consolidation in the lower lungs bilaterally which are stable. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  There is interstitial pulmonary edema without pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is top normal.  Mediastinal contour is normal.  Hilar congestion is noted.  Bony structures are intact.  Trace fluid seen along the pleural surfaces. Impression
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  There are increased bilateral interstitial opacities with prominence of the hila, compatible with pulmonary edema.  The heart is enlarged since the prior exam. Left basilar atelectasis and scarring is stabe.  There is no pneumothorax. Pleural thickening and a calcified left upper lobe granuloma are stable. Right PICC is unchanged in position. Impression: Interval development of mild pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Right PICC tip terminates in the mid SVC.  Heart size is mildly enlarged.  The aorta is diffusely calcified.  The mediastinal contour is unchanged, and there is no pulmonary vascular congestion.  Small left pleural effusion appears slightly increased in size compared to the prior exam, and a trace right pleural effusion appears unchanged.  Two peripheral nodular opacities within the left upper lobe appear similar, and the previously described right upper lobe nodule seen on chest CT is not clearly noted on the current exam.  Left basilar compressive atelectasis is noted.  There is scarring within the lung apices.  Multiple clips are demonstrated within the midline
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Minimal fat pad at the left lateral aspects of the pericardium.  No evidence of pneumonia.  No focal parenchymal opacities.  Pleural effusions.  Normal appearance of the hilar and mediastinal contours. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Normal heart, lungs, pleura and mediastinal surfaces. Impression: Clear lungs.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs were acquired.  A radiopaque skin marker is seen along the left anterior second intercostal space.  The lungs are clear.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal.  There are no pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax is seen.  No displaced rib fractures are identified. Impression: 1.  No displaced rib fractures identified.  If clinical concern for rib fracture persists, a dedicated rib series could be obtained.  2.  No acute cardiac or pulmonary process.']
['Findings: Semi upright view of the chest provided.  Lung volumes are low.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Retrocardiac atelectasis is mild.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  ET tube tip is approximately 4.2 cm above the carina.  OG tube tip is approximately at the level of the carina. Impression: ET tube tip is approximately 4.2 cm above the carina.  NOTIFICATION:  OG tube findings were discussed by telephone by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ at approximately 08:50 on ___.  The OG tube had been removed.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Faint opacities in the left lower lobe represent pneumonia. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Healed left rib fractures are again noted. Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no definite evidence of acute focal pneumonia.  No vascular congestion or pleural effusion.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is some decrease in the pulmonary edema with slightly less distention of the azygous vein.  Substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette persists.  The left effusion with atelectasis in the retrocardiac region is again seen.  There may also be a small right effusion with minimal basilar atelectasis. Impression: ', 'Findings: Cardiomegaly is accompanied by pulmonary vascular congestion and a widespread reticulation and ground-glass opacities which may be due to a pulmonary edema, opportunistic infection, or pulmonary hemorrhage.  Improved opacity at left lung base compared to ___ with residual opacity likely corresponding to known pleural lesion, better evaluated on recent CT, as well as a small left pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Pulmonary edema may be minimally improved.  There is persistent left base opacity which may be due to combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis.  Marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette persists.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: ', 'Find
['Findings: Lung volumes are very low, this was also the case on the prior study from ___.  The cardiomediastinal contour is unchanged.  The heart is not grossly enlarged.  No consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion seen.  There are multilevel flowing vertebral osteophytes consistent with DISH. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process seen, lung volumes are noted to be low.', 'Findings:  Impression: There are persistent low lung volumes.  Left lower lobe opacities have increased with increasing atelectasis in the left lower lobe.  Are right lower lobe atelectasis has improved.  There is no pneumothorax.  Small bilateral effusions are larger on the left side.  New there is no pneumothorax.  ET tube is in standard position.  Right IJ catheter tip is in the mid SVC.  Cardiac size cannot be evaluated.  Widening mediastinum has improved']
['Findings: Low lung volumes.  Heart size is enlarged.  The aorta is calcified, indicating atherosclerosis.  There is a left chest pacemaker with electrodes in expected positions.  There is perihilar and pulmonary vasculature prominence, concerning for mild edema.  Bibasilar atelectasis.  Lungs are otherwise clear. There is blunting of the left costophrenic angle, concerning for a small left pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Mild perihilar and pulmonary vasculature prominence, concerning for mild edema.  Possible small left pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: There is better inspiratory effort.  The lungs are better aerated there is minimal opacity in the left lower lobe lobe,  atelectasis or aspiration.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  Pacer leads are in standard position']
['Findings: Lung volumes are somewhat low, accentuating the heart size, which is top-normal.  A likely small left pleural effusion is seen best on the lateral view.  No pulmonary edema, pneumothorax, or focal consolidation worrisome for pneumonia. Left upper posterior lateral rib deformity is unchanged. A posterior spinal fusion construct is again noted, unchanged. Rounded opacity projecting over the heart shadow is necklace medallion, seen on the lateral view, external to the patient. Impression: Likely small left pleural effusion, seen best on the lateral view. No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no free air below the right hemidiaphragm.  Fixation hardware is seen in the mid-to-low thoracic spine.  Lung volumes are low, though lungs appear clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  Chronic appearing left upper posterolateral rib cage deformity is noted.  No pneumothorax or effusion is seen. Impression: No acute findings including no signs of pneumoperitoneum.  Please refer to subsequently obtained CT abdomen and pelvis for further details.']
['Findings: Lungs show evidence of severe emphysema throughout, better characterized on the CT from ___.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  A Dobbhoff tube is seen with the tip below the GE junction.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding chest examination of ___.  FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding portable chest examination of ___.  The heart size remains normal.  No configurational abnormalities are identified.  Thoracic aorta of ordinary ___, but some calcium deposits are present in the wall at the level of the arch.  The pulmonary vasculature demonstrates typical emphysematous changes with relative prominence of the central vessels, but attenuated and irregular displayed peripheral branches throughout.  In particular, the basal areas appear rather translucent and the diaphragmatic contours are somewhat flattened and low positioned.  No evidence of new acute parenchymal infiltrates in comparison with the preceding examination.
['Findings:  Impression: New left lingular opacity may represent atelectasis or infection in the correct clinical setting.', "Findings: Left PICC tip terminates in the upper SVC.  Lung volumes are slightly low. Heart size remains mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are unchanged.  No pulmonary edema is demonstrated. Linear and patchy opacities within the lung bases, as well as along the fissure in the right upper lobe, are minimally worse in the interval. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen, however the right lung apex is obscured due to the patient's neck and chin projecting over this region. Mild multilevel degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: Patchy opacities in the lung bases as well as right upper lobe linear opacity along the fissure, slightly worse in the interval. Findings likely reflect atelectasis though infection is not completely excluded. Left PICC tip in unchanged position in the upper SVC.", 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process', 'Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Since prior radiograph, the interstitial
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate low lung volumes and bibasilar atelectasis.  However, there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained demonstrating clear well-expanded lungs without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___, no relevant change is seen.  The monitoring and support devices, including the left-sided chest tube, are constant.  The extent of the left pneumothorax is stable.  Unchanged evidence of air in the left chest wall.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly.', 'Findings:  Impression: Since a recent radiograph from earlier the same date, a left chest tube has apparently changed in position.  Small left pneumothorax is a persistent finding, and subcutaneous emphysema in the left chest wall has slightly worsened.  No other relevant changes.', 'Findings:  Impression: Minimal left apical pneumothorax is unchanged.  Heart size and mediastinum are unchanged.  Minimal bibasal atelectasis is unchanged.  Subcutaneous air within the left chest wall is not included in the field of view on the current study.', 'Findings:  Impression: Since the prior study there has been readjustment of the left chest tube.  Minimal left apical pneumothorax is still suspected although smaller.  There is interval improvement of the left perih
['Findings: A single portable AP chest radiograph is obtained.  A right internal jugular catheter has been removed.  Mediastinal drains, median sternotomy wires, and mediastinal clips are unchanged.  Lung volumes remain low.  Small bilateral effuisions are new or newly apparent.  Bibasilar atelectasis has progressed.  There is no pneumothorax.    Moderate cardiomegaly is stable. Impression: Small bilateral pleural effusions are new or newly apparent.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate mild cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular re-distribution and small bilateral pleural effusions.  Compared to the prior exam, the left effusion is slightly larger.  The right effusion is probably the same.  There is no focal infiltrate. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: The lung volumes are low.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette with tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  No hilar or mediastinal abnormalities. No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia. Impression: ']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. There shrapnel seen projecting over the left lateral clavicle. On the lateral view, shrapnel fragments are seen within the posterior chest wall soft tissues. Please note that this area is incompletely visualized and would recommend dedicated shoulder or clavicular views. No definite fracture of the clavicle is seen, however, again there is limited evaluation of that area. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Shrapnel projecting over the left lateral clavicle.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable.    Surgical clips in the upper abdomen suggest prior cholecystectomy. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits, with a mildly tortuous thoracic aorta.  The hila are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  The lungs are hyperexpanded.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion or pulmonary edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Of note, a linear opacity adjacent to the left heart border likely represents a focus of scarring.  Lungs are mildly hyperinflated.  No consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: In comparison to the prior study, the left-sided chest tube is removed.  EKG leads overlie the chest.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable, consistent with mild cardiomegaly and a mildly tortuous and calcified aorta.  There is mild central pulmonary venous congestion with mild interstitial edema, improved slightly from prior.  Left basilar atelectasis is unchanged.  There is otherwise no new focal lung consolidation.  There is no pneumothorax. There are probably trace bilateral pleural effusions. Impression: 1. No pneumothorax status post left chest tube removal. 2. Mild pulmonary interstitial edema, new since ___, is improved slightly. 3. Unchanged left basilar atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with minimal if any vascular congestion. Opacification at the left base is consistent with some combination of pleural fluid and volume loss in the left lower lobe.  In the appropriate clinical setting, superimposed pneumonia would be difficult to exclude in this region, especially in the absence of a lateral view.', 'Find
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.  Questionable interstitial abnormality on the left.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  Lung volumes are low. Compared to prior study from ___, there is air-space opacity projecting over the lateral mid lung, partially obscured by the pacer battery site, and consolidation due to infection cannot be excluded. Bilateral prominence of interstitial markings is grossly unchanged.   Two channel pacer positions are unchanged. There is no pleural effusion.  There is stable compression deformity of the lower thoracic spine.  Chronic deformity with subluxation/dislocation of the right shoulder is again seen.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: 1. Compared to prior study from ___, there is stable pulmonary edema. 2.  Airspace opacity underlying the pacemaker battery site is seen projecting over the left mid lung not well evaluated due to partial obscuration by the overlying pacemaker battery, but underlying consolidation due to infection may be present. Consider oblique radiographs for further assessment. 3. Stable compression deformity of the lower thoracic spine.'
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates unremarkable cardiomediastinal and hilar contours.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.  No free air seen beneath the diaphragms. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is unchanged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear similar.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Minimal lingular atelectasis/scarring is seen.  There is no focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Minimal lingular atelectasis/scarring.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  Hilar structures and pleural surfaces are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the suggested area of opacification in the right mid zone is no longer present.  There is no evidence of pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  Prominence of the ascending aorta raises the possibility of underlying hypertension or aortic stenosis. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is a hazy right mid lung opacification which is not well seen on the lateral view.  There is no associated effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The thoracic aorta is tortuous.  CONCLUSION:  Right mid lung opacification may represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  Recommend followup chest radiograph in ___ weeks.  The above findings were communicated to Dr. ___ office by Dr. ___ ___ telephone at the time of discovery. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Prominence of the ascending aorta is as on prior.
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette and with mild to moderate pulmonary edema. Retrocardiac opacification is consistent with volume loss in the left lower lobe and there probably are small bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings: Mild pulmonary edema has developed since earlier in the day Moderate to severe cardiomegaly is stable.  Small to moderate bilateral layering pleural effusion has increased. There is no pneumothorax.  The aortic arch is calcified. Impression: 1. New mild pulmonary edema, increased small to moderate bilateral pleural effusion. . 2. Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated but clear.  There is no consolidation nor pneumothorax. Blunting of the posterior costophrenic angles may be represent small effusions.  Small hiatal hernia is noted. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcifications are identified at the aortic arch. No acute osseous abnormality identified. Impression: Hyperinflation without focal consolidation. Blunting of the posterior costophrenic angles may represent trace effusions. Small hiatal hernia.']
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images.  The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, acute focal pneumonia, or mediastinal mass.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.  Left jugular line ends in the low SVC, as before.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ chest radiograph, there has been no relevant interval change.  Specifically, there is no radiographic evidence of pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Newly placed left jugular central catheter ends in the mid SVC.  There is no pneumothorax.  The lung volumes are normal.  Top normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema. No pleural effusions. Impression: No replaced left jugular central catheter in appropriate position without complications.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___, the patient has received a right central venous access line.  The course of the line is unremarkable, the tip
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no evidence of pneumomediastinum.  No free air is seen beneath the right hemidiaphragm. A loosely coiled density projecting over the right neck on the frontal view is likely external to the patient. Impression: 1.  No acute intrathoracic process. 2.  Loosely coiled density projecting over the right neck on the frontal view is likely external to the patient.']
['Findings: Single AP view of the chest was compared to previous exam from earlier the same day and exam from ___.  Seen on exam from earlier the same day, but new since ___ is left basilar opacity which silhouettes the hemidiaphragm.  This is suggestive of pleural effusion with underlying atelectasis or consolidation is possible.  Elsewhere, the lungs are clear.  Biapical scarring is again noted.  Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: Left pleural effusion with superimposed consolidation or atelectasis not excluded.', 'Findings: Single frontal view of the chest.  The heart is mildly enlarged, similar to prior.  Cardiomediastinal contours are stable.  Small blunting of the right costophrenic angle may represent a small pleural effusion or scarring.  Previously described 4 mm nodular density at the right apex is obscured by an external lead.  No pneumothorax or focal consolidation.  No radiopaque foreign body. Impression: 1.  Blunting of the right costophrenic angle is similar to prior and may represent small effusion
['Findings: The heart appears mildly enlarged.  The aorta is moderately tortuous.  Streaky opacity at the left lung base suggests minor atelectasis.  Otherwise, the lungs appear clear.  There is no definite pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax is visualized.  There is a moderate rightward convex curvature centered along the lower thoracic spine.  No fracture is identified. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
["Findings:  Impression: Substantial improvement as compared to ___.  Knee complete resolution of pre-existing parenchymal edema and parenchymal opacities.  On today's radiograph, there is no pleural effusion and the cardiac silhouette.  Is normal.", 'Findings: The heart size, mediastinal, and hilar contours are normal. The lungs are clear without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.Incidental note is made of a normal variant azygos lobe.  Degenerative changes noted at the acromioclavicular joints. Impression: No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.', 'Findings: There is diffuse bilateral interstitial thickening, which in the setting of immunosuppression may represent an atypical bacterial, viral or fungal infection.  There is a focal consolidation at the right hilum, which may represent a superimposed bacterial pneumonia, however and underlying mass cannot be excluded.  The linear opacity within the right mid lung likely represents atelectasis.  Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is
['Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, pneumothorax, or focal consolidation. Impression: Normal chest.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No acute osseous injury identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiac and hilar and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Findings were discussed with Dr. ___ ___ by phone at 3:50 p.m. on ___.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, effusion, or pulmonary vascular congestion.  trophic change is in the spine. Impression: Cardiomegaly.  No superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  Mild bilateral vascular congestion decreased when compared to that seen in ___.  No pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. Impression: Cardiomegaly again seen.  Prominent pulmonary vasculature bilaterally and is not as congested as that seen in chest radiograph in ___']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___ through ___.  Moderately severe pulmonary edema which worsened between ___ and ___ at 05:02 is unchanged.  Severe left lower lobe consolidation, presumably atelectasis is stable over at least the past 5 days.  Mild to moderate cardiomegaly also unchanged.  Pleural effusions are presumed, but not large.  No pneumothorax.  Tracheostomy tube is midline.  No mediastinal widening or pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  The patient is extubated and the nasogastric tube was removed.  The right internal jugular venous introduction sheet is unchanged.  There is a further increase in extent and severity of the bilateral parenchymal opacities, notably on the left.  The extent of the retrocardiac atelectasis is stable.  The precise contours of the cardiac silhouette can no longer be determined.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lines and tubes are in standard position.  Cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged.  Diffuse bilateral opacities larger in the left lower lobe have minimally
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little overall change.  Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged with tortuosity of the descending aorta. No evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Of incidental note are surgical clips in the right upper quadrant, presumably from previous cholecystectomy.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   Overlying EKG leads are present.  The lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation.  Mild blunting of the left CP angle could indicated tiny effusion.  No right effusion is seen.  The heart is mildly prominent as on prior.  Hila appear slightly prominent though there is no overt edema.  Mediastinal contour is stable.  Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly unchanged.  Possible mild congestion.  Probable small left effusion.', 'Findings: to
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  The lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the tip of the central catheter has been pulled back further into the brachiocephalic vessel.  Little change in the appearance of the heart and lungs. Impression: ', 'Findings: Portable semi-upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates low lung volumes with resultant bronchovascular crowding.  Slight improvement in pulmonary edema, most notable on the left. Small bilateral pleural effusions. The heart is mildly enlarged. The azygus vein is distended. Dobbhoff tube is seen coursing into the stomach and out of field of view.  Left-sided internal jugular central venous line ends in the mid to distal SVC.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Slight inteval improvement in pulmonary edema, most notable on the left.', 'Findings: Portable semi-upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates low lung volumes resulting in bronchovascular crowding.  There is stable appearing pulmonary edema.  No substantial pleural effusion is seen.  There is no pneumothorax.  The left-sided subclavian line ends in the mid SVC.  D
['Findings: There are lung volumes. The study is slightly underpenetrated due to body habitus. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal. The mediastinal contours are stable and unremarkable. No definite focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No overt pulmonary edema. Impression: Low lung volumes and slightly underpenetrated examination making evaluation slightly suboptimal. Given this, no definite acute cardiopulmonary process identified.', 'Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: Again demonstrated is fullness and lobulation of the right infrahilar region.  Heart size and mediastinal contours are normal.  Lungs and pleural surfaces are clear. Impression: Right infrahilar fullness and lobulation, concerning for lymphadenopathy or juxtahilar mass.  Recommend further evaluation with contrast-enhanced CT as entered into radiology communications dashboard on ___.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen peer Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No focal consolidation or pneumothorax seen.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  New right pectoral Port-A-Cath.  No pneumothorax.  The course of the line is unremarkable, the tip projects over the cavoatrial junction.', 'Findings:  Impression: HEART SIZE IS NORMAL. MEDIASTINUM IS NORMAL. LUNGS ARE CLEAR.  THERE IS NO PLEURAL EFFUSION OR PNEUMOTHORAX']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lung volumes are lower than on the prior study.  There is mild bibasilar atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal in size.  Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are stable allowing for lower lung volumes. Calcifications are seen along the course of the thoracic aorta. Mediastinal post-surgical changes including coronary stents and intact median sternotomy wires are unchanged. Impression: No pneumonia, edema or effusion.  Mild bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: There is hazy right basilar opacity which is likely secondary to atelectasis as is the L correlate of opacity seen on the lateral view.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Surgical clips in the right upper quadrant suggest prior cholecystectomy. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: Portable AP chest radiograph.  Median sternotomy wires are intact and mediastinal clips are again noted.  There is are bibasilar interstitial opacities, moreso on the right.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Impression: Bibasilar interstitial opacities, worse on the right.  The focal opacity at the right lung base is particulary concerning and may represent infection, aspiration, or asymmetric edema.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: There is stable position of left-sided chest tube. There is an essentially unchanged minimal left apical pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged from prior radiograph. The bilateral hila are normal.  There is again seen and unchanged right lower lung/right cardiophrenic angle airspace consolidation which may represent sequela of aspiration, or pneumonia, or possibly crowding of vascular structures. There are no new areas of focal consolidation.  There is a stable small left pleural effusion with unchanged relaxation atelectasis of the adjacent left lower lobe which is obscuring the left hemidiaphragm. Impression: 1.  Unchanged minimal left apical pneumothorax. 2. Unchanged right lower lung/cardiophrenic angle airspace consolidation, possibly sequela of aspiration or pneumonia, or possibly crowding of normal vascular structures. 3.  Stable small left pleural effusion and unchanged adjacent left lower lobe atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, of the left chest tube has been placed on water seal and there is no evidence of pneumothorax.
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the esophageal stent is in unchanged position.  The tip of a nasogastric tube projects over the upper parts of the stent.  Lung volumes are low.  No pathological change in the lung parenchyma. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates mildly hyperinflated clear lungs with flattening of the diaphragms.  No focal opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size, mediastinal contour, and hila are unremarkable.  Limited assessment of the osseous structures are within normal limits and upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Findings consistent with COPD. No pneumonia.', 'Findings: Blunting of the costophrenic angles may be due to atelectasis or positioning. The lungs are otherwise clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the tip of the Dobbhoff catheter is now well visualized. The tip projects over the pre-pyloric region of the stomach.  The stomach is marked by contrast material. The course of the tube is unremarkable. Unremarkable appearance of the basal lung parenchyma and the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings:  Impression: Feeding tube is been advanced into the upper stomach.  Lungs clear.  Heart size normal.  No pleural abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces unremarkable.  Nasogastric tube passes into the stomach and out of view.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear. Cardiac silhouette is normal in size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process', '
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without effusion, consolidation or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal. A midline stripe of air is likely to be in the esophagus. Impression: No pneumothorax.  Midline stripe of air is likely to be in the esophagus and not likely to represent pneumomediastinum.  A repeat chest radiograph can be obtained for further evaluation if the patient endorses appropriate clinical symptoms.', "Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute abnormalities identified to explain patient's cough and malaise.", 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to __
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable.  There is no widening of mediastinum. There is subtle ground-glass opacification in the right lung base, new/increased since the prior study, which could be due to atelectasis or mucoid impaction, although underlying early consolidation is not excluded.  The left lung is clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Subtle right base opacity, could be due to atelectasis, vascular structures, or mucoid impaction, although underlying consolidation is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.', 'Findings: Portable semi-upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates well expanded, clear lungs. The patient is status post median sternotomy. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  There is minimal left
['Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate clear lungs and normal hilar and cardiomediastinal contours.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. Previously seen left lower lobe opacity has resolved.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Unremarkable chest radiographic examination.', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  The aorta remains tortuous.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized.  No acute osseous abnormalities are detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are extremely low, accentuating the cardiac silhouette and bronchovascular structures.  Despite this limitation, there is an apparent new focal area of opacity in the periphery of the left lower lobe, concerning for an early focus of pneumonia.  Remainder of lungs are grossly clear, and there are no pleural effusions or acute skeletal findings. Impression: Focal left lower lobe pneumonia.  Findings entered into radiology communications dashboard on date of study along with recommendations for followup chest x-ray in four weeks after completion of antibiotic therapy.']
['Findings: There is minimal streaky density at the lung bases consistent with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no pneumothorax. The heart is normal in size.  The aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified. There are no concerning bone findings. Impression: Unremarkable study.', 'Findings: Lungs are well-expanded and clear.  The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged.  Aorta is mildly tortuous.  No pleural effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax. Impression: No pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation.  Focal pleural thickening seen at the right lung laterally is unchanged.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate unchanged mild cardiomegaly and upper zone vascular redistribution, without frank edema. Lungs are moderately well aerated.  A left retrocardiac opacity could represent an early pneumonia or sequela of aspiration. No pleural or pericardial effusion is identified. The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: A left retrocardiac opacity could represent an early pneumonia or sequela of aspiration. Short-term followup chest radiograph to document resolution is recommended.']
['Findings: Overall, there has been no significant interval change.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  Aortic knob calcification is again seen.  Slight linear increase in opacity at the right lung base may be due to overlapping structures or chronic changes, similar to prior. Impression: ', 'Findings: Comparison is made to the prior radiograph performed on ___.  There is again seen some consolidation at the left base; however, this has improved slightly.  There is also some atelectasis versus consolidation at the right base.  This is stable.  Heart size is grossly within normal limits.  There are no pneumothoraces.  There are no signs of overt pulmonary edema. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were reviewed.  Compared to the most recent prior study of ___, minimal increase in radiographic denisty and subtle loss of vessel contours in the left lower lob could represent developing pneumonia.  There is no pulmonary edema, vascular congestion, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal and calc
['Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes are appropriate. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: were communicated to ___ MD via telephone at 7:49 am ___ ___. Impression: Possible right lower lobe pneumonia.  Oblique views may be obtained for confirmations.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  These findings were communicated to ___ MD via telephone at 7:49 am ___ ___.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. There is no evidence of subdiaphragmatic air on the current image.  Moderate bilateral symmetrical apical scarring.  Mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions. No recent pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Rounded lesion projecting over the left midlung slightly smaller today than on ___.  I am not sure whether this is a chest wall lesion or a subtle region of pneumonia in the superior segment of the left lower lobe. Oblique views might be helpful in distinguishing between the 2. Small left pleural effusion is slightly smaller today than on ___.  Right lung is hyperinflated but clear and there is no right pleural effusion. Heart size is top-normal. Biapical pleural parenchymal scarring is symmetric and does not raise concern for malignancy or infection.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has undergone left thoracocentesis. The left pleural effusion has decreased. However, the effusion is still substantial and causes slight displacement of
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  No focal consolidation or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  Trace pleural effusion may be present.  There is a small rounded 4-5 mm calcific density projecting over the anterior right first rib which may represent a bone island or alternatively underlying calcified granuloma.  The aorta is slightly tortuous. The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged.  Retrocardiac density with air within seen on the frontal and lateral views is most consistent with a hiatal hernia. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Possible trace pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.  Likely hiatal hernia.', 'Findings: A frontal and lateral view of the chest demonstrates no pleural effusions.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  A retrocardiac density is consistent with a hiatal hernia.  There is no pneumothorax.  Pleural surfaces are unremarkable. Impression: No pleural effusion.  Likely hiatal hernia.']
['Findings: were discussed by Dr. ___ comparison with the study of on the  telephone on ___ at 10:37 PM, immediately after discovery of the  findings. WET READ VERSION #1 ___ ___ ___ 10:40 PM  Right-sided PICC line is deep into the right atrium, with a curvature at the  tip suggestive of contact with the right atrial wall, which may precipitate  atrial arrhythmias, concerning in this patient with a recent episode of atrial  fibrillation. The line should be pulled back at least 5 cm for placement at  the cavoatrial junction or the lower SVC. Cardiomegaly. No pulmonary  opacities.     The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr ___ on the telephone on  ___ at 10:37 PM, immediately after discovery of the findings. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PORTABLE AP)  INDICATION:  ___ year old woman with cardiogenic shock (resolving), AFib (
['Findings:  Impression: Moderate elongation of the ascending aorta and tortuosity of the descending aorta.  Creating the visual appearance of the moderately widened aortic arch.  There could be a retrosternal thyroid enlargement with deviation of the trachea to the right.  Mild enlargement of the left atrium.  Moderate cardiomegaly without overt pulmonary edema. However, mild fluid overload is present.  No larger pleural effusions are detected.  No pneumonia, no pneumothorax.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   No free air is seen below the right hemidiaphragm.  Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is top normal. The aorta is tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic calcifications at the aortic arch. Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged and the hilar contours are unchanged.  Minimal atelectasis is noted in lung bases without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is minimal bibasilar atelectasis.  Eventration of the left hemidiaphragm is again seen.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The aorta remains calcified and tortuous.  The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable since the prior study.  Some degenerative changes are seen along the spine. Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the endotracheal and nasogastric tubes have been removed.  Specifically, there is no evidence of pneumothorax.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Of incidental note is substantial dilatation of gas-filled bowel.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is again a high position of the endotracheal tube, which is well above the clavicle an approximately 9 cm above the carina.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the tip of the Swan-___ catheter now projects over the proximal parts of the right pulmonary artery.  Otherwise, the radiograph is unchanged.  No evidence of complications related to catheter insertion.  Unchanged massive cardiomegaly with mild fluid overload.  The left costophrenic sinus is not included in the image. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest were acquired.  A right PICC is seen terminating within the mid-to-low SVC, not significantly changed.  A left-sided pacemaker with associated right atrial, right ventricular, and left ventricular leads is unchanged in appearance.  A moderate left pleural effusion is increased while a small right pleural effusion is unchanged.  There is left lower lung compressive atelectasis, although concomitant infection at the left base cannot be excluded.  There is no overt pulmonary edema, although the hila appear engorged.  Moderate cardiomegaly is not significantly changed.  There is no pneumothorax.  Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine are seen
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process or evidence pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Increased interstitial markings are stable.  Cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged.  No rib fracture or pneumothorax is seen. Biapical scarring is again noted.  The lungs are mildly hyperinflated. A rounded density in the left retrocardiac region is likely a costochondral junction and unchanged. Impression: No evidence of fracture or pneumothorax.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs again demonstrate hyperexpansion with flattened hemidiaphragms.  However, there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiac, hilar, and mediastinal contours are normal.  The heart size is normal.  Accentuation of thoracic kyphosis is again seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.   Again noted is a dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. The lungs appear hyperinflated and somewhat lucent suggesting underlying emphysema. No large effusion or pneumothorax. The cardi
['Findings: Streaky bibasilar opacities are noted which are likely atelectasis. Superiorly, the lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Atherosclerotic calcifications are seen at the arch.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Bibasilar opacities are likely atelectasis.']
['Findings:  Impression: The patient is after a placement of the left main bronchus stent.  There is no pneumothorax.  There is no substantial change in the left mediastinal deviation.  Pigtail catheter is in place.', 'Findings: Portable upright chest radiograph ___ at 05:58 Impression: Interval removal of the left chest tube with stable small amounts of loculated air laterally in the pleural space and no evidence of in enlarging pneumothorax.  Left subclavian PICC line unchanged in position.  Persistent layering left effusion and persistent left basilar consolidation likely reflecting a combination of partial lower lobe collapse in the setting of known mass and pleural collection as documented on recent chest CT ___.  No pulmonary edema.  Right lung is grossly clear.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.', 'Findings: Comparison to ___.  Unchanged position of the left pigtail catheter.  There is minimal decrease in the  air component in the basal portion of loculated left-sided hydro pneumothorax.  Moderate cardiomegaly with partial left lower lobe collapse persists.  No evidence of tension
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal.  The aorta is tortuous and diffusely calcified.  Hilar contours are unremarkable, and there is no pulmonary edema.  Within the left upper lobe is a 2.8 x 2.5 cm rounded opacity, new in the interval, concerning for a neoplastic mass.  Innumerable nodular opacities in the right mid lung field and both lung bases are also new.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine is again noted with mild degenerative changes.  Left axillary clips are re- demonstrated. Impression: 1. 2.8 x 2.5 cm rounded mass in the left upper lobe concerning for neoplasm, new from the prior chest radiograph.  Further assessment with contrast-enhanced CT is recommended. 2. Multiple new nodular opacities in both lung bases concerning for metastatic disease.  Infection/small airways disease is not completely excluded in the correct clinical setting.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  2.8 x 2.5 cm rounded mass in the left upper lobe concerning for neopl
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated but clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Hyperinflation without acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Relatively linear opacity in the right midlung is similar compared to prior, potentially atelectasis.  There is no focal consolidation worrisome for pneumonia.  There is no effusion or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Linear opacity in the right midlung, felt to be atelectasis.  Otherwise, unremarkable chest x-ray without findings suspicious for pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous image, no relevant change is seen.  The large hiatal hernia is seen in unchanged retrocardiac location.  Scarring in the right upper lobe is unchanged.  Mild left basilar atelectasis.  No pneumonia, no overt pulmonary edema.', "Findings: Mild cardiomegaly and cardiomediastinal contours are similar to prior. Lung volumes are low.  Increased left base opacity is likely related to large hiatal hernia. Vague heterogeneous opacity in the right upper lobe is similar to prior, likely residual scarring.  No pneumothorax or substantial pleural effusion.  Large hiatal hernia is similar to prior. Impression: 1.  Large hiatal hernia. On this single projection, it is difficult to exclude an adjacent left lower lobe abnormality, and standard PA and lateral chest radiographs are suggested for this purpose when the patient's condition permits.  2.  Mild cardiomegaly.", 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Attempted trans esophageal drainage tube ends at the upper margin
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Minimal patchy opacity in the left lung base likely reflects atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There is mild compression deformity of a mid thoracic vertebral body as well as a vertebral body at the thoracolumbar junction, findings which appear unchanged from ___.  Remote fractures of the left second, third, and fourth ribs are noted. Impression: Patchy left basilar opacity, likely atelectasis.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Slight increased soft tissue nodularity superior to the left hilus is present. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs are well expanded and clear. Impression: Increased nodularity superior to the left hilus. Shallow oblique views recommended for further evaluation.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates clear lungs bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: The heart size is top normal, stable compared to the prior exam.  The aorta is mildly tortuous, otherwise the hilar and mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  There is mild pulmonary vascular engorgement without evidence of pulmonary edema.  No focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia are identified.  There is mild bibasilar atelectasis.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a stable, small hiatal hernia. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. The heart size is top-normal. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is unchanged, and there is a stable moderate size hiatal hernia. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change.  Known large hiatal hernia. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pneumonia, pulmonary edema or pleural effusions.  Mild tortuosity of the descending aorta.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lungs are clear.  Heart size is normal.  Large
['Findings: Region of consolidation noted in the left lower lobe.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Left lower lobe consolidation compatible with pneumonia.  Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are slightly low, but the lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal. Mediastinum is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Overall normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings:  Impression: Severe emphysema with increased interstitial markings bilaterally suggestive of mild interstitial edema superimposed on chronic changes.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.']
['Findings: Lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Mid thoracic dextroscoliosis is noted.  Posterior fixation hardware seen spanning the thoracic and lumbar spine.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are normal.  Multifocal airspace opacities have not significantly change ___.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.   Cardiomediastinal and hilar structures are normal.   New septal lines in the lung bases, left greater than right can represent early interstitial edema. Impression: Stable multifocal pneumonia.  Likely new mild interstitial edema, suggest attention on follow up.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the area of increased opacification at the left base has essentially cleared.  The remainder the study shows no evidence of pneumonia or vascular congestion.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are unchanged in appearance. Lungs overall clear except for new minimal opacity in the left lower lobe that might potentially represent aspiration or developing infectious process.  Small amount of bilateral pleural effusion is most likely present. Attention to this area on the subsequent studies is recommended', 'Findings: An endotracheal tube is in place terminating 2.7 cm above the carina.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. 
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  No free air is identified. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures appear intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Cardiac silhouette is within upper limits of normal Ing and there is tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. However, no evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Specifically, no prominence of interstitial markings to radiographically suggest amiodarone toxicity.', 'Findings: There is chronic elevation of the right hemidiaphragm as seen on prior studies.  There is no focal consolidation or pleural effusion.  Tortuous descending thoracic aorta is again noted.  Heart size and mediastinal contours are stable.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  The cardiac silhouette is unchanged.  The aorta is tortuous.  Minimal basilar opacity may represent atelectasis.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal and
['Findings: Compared with the immediate prior study, the right IJ CVC, epidural catheter, and enteric tubes have been removed. Moderate bibasilar atelectasis is new compared with ___. Small left pleural effusion is also new.There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: 1. New moderate bibasilar atelectasis and small left pleural effusion. 2. No pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  Mild linear basilar atelectasis is noted. There is no evidence of pneumonia, effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly is stable from priors. Mediastinal contour is normal. Bony structures are intact. Clips are noted in the left upper quadrant. Impression: Mild basilar atelectasis, cardiomegaly, otherwise unremarkable.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is again enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with left ventricular prominence and some tortuosity of the aorta.  No evidence of acute pneumonia
['Findings: No previous images.  The heart is normal in size and there is no vascular congestion or pleural effusion.  There is a somewhat vague asymmetry of opacification at the bases, with more opacity on the left, which could represent a developing consolidation in the appropriate clinical setting. Impression: ', 'Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  A vascular stent is noted the left subclavian artery, unchanged.  No acute osseous abnormalities seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The heart is not enlarged.  No CHF, focal infiltrate or effusion.  Possible minimal atelectasis at both lung bases.  No pneumothorax.  There is a faint curvilinear density in the right cardiophrenic region, which may represent artifact due to overlying structures.  Incidental note is made of fusion hardware in the lower cervical spine.  There is a small density adjacent to the greater tuberosity, question calcium hydroxyap
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  The calcified granuloma in the right apical region is not well seen on the current study. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pre-described left lower lobe opacity is almost completely resolved.  The structures of increased density seen on the lateral radiograph likely to represent vessels.  No pleural effusions.  4 mm calcified granuloma in the right apex.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette with mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Impression: ']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the tip of the aortic balloon pump is now positioned 1.5 cm below the aortic arch.  The extent and severity of the pre-existing pulmonary edema is constant.  Moderate cardiomegaly, no pleural effusions.  No pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube terminates 2.7 cm above the level of the carina.  An enteric tube is seen coursing below the level of diaphragm, inferior aspect not well seen.  Valve prosthesis, right-sided pigtail chest tube, external hardware, bilateral internal jugular central venous catheters are unchanged.  Moderate cardiomegaly is seen accompanied by diffuse pulmonary edema, which appears slightly improved as compared to the prior study.  Very small pleural effusions.  Overall, the diaphragms are slightly better seen.  There are small foci of opacity in the left mid lung and right upper lung, attention at followup. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  As on prior, there is mild indistinctness of the pulmonary vasculature without frank overt pulmonary edema.  The cardiac silhouette is enlarged but stable.  Triple-lead pacing device again seen with lead tips in the coronary sinus, right ventricular apex and right atrium.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unchanged. Impression: Stable cardiomegaly and mild indistinctness of the pulmonary vasculature without frank pulmonary edema.  No evidence of consolidation.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate mild indistinctness of the pulmonary vasculature.  There is no significant effusion, and no pneumothorax.  The heart size remains moderately enlarged.  A biventricular AICD is in place with leads in appropriate position.  The mediastinal contours are stable. Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly, with mild cardiac decompensation.', 'Findings: The lungs are low in volume with increased interstitial markings as on the previous study with fullness of the mediastinal vessels consistent with mild pulmonary edema.  Dual lead pacemaker and
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with study of ___, there is again some enlargement of the cardiac silhouette in a patient with intact midline sternal wires after CABG procedure.  No evidence of vascular congestion or acute focal pneumonia.  Mild blunting of left costophrenic angle, most likely represents pleural thickening.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are similar to the prior examination, with mild cardiomegaly and mild engorgement of the central pulmonary vasculature.  Midline sternal wires are intact and well aligned.  Multiple mediastinal clips are similar to the prior examination.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No definite focal consolidation is identified. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views the chest provided demonstrate midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  No signs of congestion or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: No acute intrathorac
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: No significant interval change.  The lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinum and hila are within normal limits.  The pleura are unremarkable.  Mild degenerative changes are noted in the visualized thoracic spine. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were provided.  There is a wedge-shaped opacity best seen superior to the minor fissure on the lateral view and inferior to the right hilus on the frontal view compatible with a right upper lobe pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The bones are intact. Impression: Right upper lobe pneumonia.  These findings were discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ ___ telephone at 4:45pm
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  Stable subtle opacity at the lateral right lung base seen to be compatible with scarring on prior CT.  No new focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Surgical clips are again seen in the right upper quadrant. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  As on prior the, there are prominent peripheral reticular opacities in the bilateral lower lungs, may represent mild fibrosis.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified.  Surgical clips are seen within the right upper quadrant. Impression: Subpleural reticular opacities likely reflect mild fibrotic lung disease.  No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  There is mild bibasilar atelectasis.  There is chronic minimal prominence of
['Findings: As seen on prior chest radiograph, there is some tortuosity of the descending aorta. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise within normal limits.  Lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Linear atelectasis or scarring in the right middle lobe is new since ___.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  No acute focal consolidation.  The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are low. Mild cardiomegaly with atelectasis at the right lung basis and in the retrocardiac lung regions.  No larger pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.']
['Findings:  Impression: Moderate right pleural effusion, right lower lobe atelectasis, emphysema, mediastinal lymphadenopathy and right upper lobe mass are better seen on prior CT.  Cardiomegaly is stable.  There is no evident pneumothorax.  Right upper lobe opacities are stable.  The aorta is tortuous.', 'Findings:  Impression: Right lower lobe atelectasis has markedly worsened.  Moderate right pleural effusion, emphysema, mediastinal lymphadenopathy and right upper lobe mass are better seen on prior CT.  Cardiomegaly is stable.  There is no evident left pneumothorax.  Right upper lobe opacities have worsened.  The aorta is tortuous.  There is no evident pneumothorax.', "Findings: There is a moderate right-sided pleural effusion.  Right upper lobe consolidation is again seen.  The left lung is grossly clear besides probable left basilar atelectasis.  Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but likely accentuated by AP technique.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Right upper lobe opacity compatible with patient
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the Swan-Ganz catheter has been removed, but the right internal jugular vein introduction sheath persists.  The monitoring and support devices are constant.  The bilateral very widespread and severe parenchymal consolidations and opacities that preexisted are unchanged.  In addition, an area at the left lung apex appears minimally denser than before.  Unchanged size of the cardiac silhouette. Impression: ', 'Findings: Comparison is made to previous study from ___.  Endotracheal tube, feeding tube, and right IJ central venous line are unchanged in position and appropriately sited.  There are again seen bilateral pleural effusions, left retrocardiac opacity and pulmonary edema which is stable.  No pneumothoraces are seen. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there are lower lung volumes. The right IJ catheter has been converted to a Swan-___ catheter with its tip extending beyond the mediastinum on the right to the medial aspect of the right base.  Extensive bilateral pulmonary opacifications could reflect worsening effusions and pulmonary edema, though some of
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  A small left pleural effusion is best seen on the lateral radiograph. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. The right first and second ribs appear congenitally abnormal. Impression: Small left pleural effusion.']
["Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Port-A-Cath resides over the right chest wall with catheter tip extending to the region of the upper SVC. Extensive opacity in the right mid and lower lung is consistent with known malignancy. Difficult to exclude a superimposed pneumonia. Right pleural effusion has decreased somewhat in the interval, now moderate in size. The left lung appears clear. No large pneumothorax though the patient's chin obscures the superior mediastinum. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Impression: Moderate pleural effusion on the right is decreased from prior CT, extensive opacity in the right lung likely represent represents patient's known malignancy though superimposed pneumonia is difficult to exclude.", 'Findings: There is increasing opacification of the right hemithorax which suggests primarily an increase in a pleural effusion with associated atelectasis.  There is neutral to perhaps mild rightward shift.  The left lung remains clear.  There is no pleural effusion on the left.  A Port-A-Cath terminates in the superior vena cava. Impression: Increasing opacification of the right hemithorax
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  No displaced fracture is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal with cardiac size top normal. Bibasilar opacities larger on the right are likely atelectasis, superimposed infection cannot be excluded. Bilateral effusions are small. There is no pneumothorax .  The osseous structures are unremarkable Impression: Bibasilar opacities likely atelectasis but superimposed infection cannot be excluded in the appropriate clinical setting']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  Mild right apical pleural thickening may be secondary to radiation therapy.  Pleural surfaces are otherwise otherwise clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Prominent sclerosis of the thoracic cage is compatible with metastatic disease. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  2.  Dense bones compatible with diffuse osseous metastases.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are slightly low.  Streaky bibasilar opacities may be secondary to atelectasis.  Superiorly, lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Probable bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates mildly hypoinflated lungs with bibasilar atelectasis. No focal opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size, mediastinal contour, and hila are unremarkable.  Limited assessment of the upper abdomen is within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Specifically no evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: Cardiac size is normal.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  ET tube is in standard position.  NG tube tip is in the stomach Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality']
['Findings: The heart is mild to moderately enlarged.  There is unfolding and calcification along the aorta.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is relatively prominent caliber of upper zone pulmonary vessels but without frank congestive heart failure.  Moderate anterior osteophytes are noted along the thoracic spine. Impression: Cardiomegaly and findings suggesting mild pulmonary vascular hypertension; otherwise unremarkable.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: . Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  The upper lobe components of pulmonary contusion have improved minimally since ___, basal consolidation in the left lung is more pronounced.  This could represent more active bleeding, atelectasis or pneumonia.  Careful followup advised.  Right lung is grossly clear.  Heart size is normal.  Gastric distension is probable explanation for a dilated viscus partially imaged in the upper abdomen.  Dr. ___ was paged at 9:10 a.m. to discuss these findings.', 'Findings: are concerning for overall progression of infectious process.  Rebleeding is a possibility, although less likely and should be correlated with hematocrit level.  Dilated bowel loops are partially imaged and if clinically warranted, assessment with radiograph of the abdomen should be considered to exclude the possibility of bowel abnormality. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___, read in conjunction with chest CT on ___:  There is no detectable pneumothorax or substantial pleural effusion.  Ground-glass opacification predominantly in the left lung is probably pulmonary contusion. 
['Findings: As compared to the prior examination dated ___, there has been no significant interval change.  Again seen are multiple bilateral pleural plaques involving much of the pleural and diaphragm.  The lungs are mildly hyperinflated without focal consolidation, mass, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are stable. Impression: Essentially unchanged diffuse pleural plaques without evidence of significant interval growth.  Stable emphysematous changes.']
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images.  The heart is normal in size and there is no evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is seen.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  There is mild levoconvex thoracic scoliosis. Impression: 1.  No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process. 2.  Mild levoconvex thoracic scoliosis.  Findings discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ in person at 3:37 a.m. on ___.']
['Findings: No previous images.  Nasogastric tube is coiled within the fundus of the stomach.  Tracheostomy tube is in place.  There is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with minimal indistinctness of pulmonary vessels that could reflect some elevated pulmonary venous pressure.  No acute focal pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: The sidehole of the NG tube is in the proximal gastric cavity. It can be pushed down 8-10 cm  Lung is moderately inflated without consolidation or nodules.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: NGT tube can be push down 5-8 cm.  There are no new cardiopulmonary processes. Findings were paged to Dr ___ at 6 pm by Dr ___', 'Findings: There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or frank pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities are detected. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Single portable frontal chest radiograph demonstrates a new
['Findings: Upright AP and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes, with elevation of the left hemidiaphragm and streaky atelectasis in the left lung base.  Bilateral chest wall pulse generators, likel deep brain stimulators, are noted.  A right upper chest wall pulse generator with dual-lead pacemaker is unchanged since the prior study.  There is no pleural effusion or overt pulmonary edema.  The heart size is stable compared to the prior study. Impression: Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are top normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  There is mild bibasilar atelectasis.  Otherwise the lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The enteric tube is in the upper stomach. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Enteric tube in the upper stomach.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are clear of consolidation or effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No infiltrate.']
['Findings:  Impression: New small to moderate right pleural effusion. Persistent severe cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion, but no overt pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: Minimal improvement of interstitial fluid overload.  No pleural effusions are seen on the current radiograph.  Moderate cardiomegaly persists. Unchanged alignment of sternal wires, unchanged position of a left PICC line.', 'Findings:  Impression: Severe cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion unchanged since earlier in the day, although the small bilateral pleural effusions have decreased.  Left PIC line ends in the low SVC.  No pneumothorax.  Patient has had median sternotomy and mitral valve replacement.', 'Findings: There is moderate cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema, but no focal airspace consolidation.  The patient is status post aortic valve replacement. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema consistent with decompensated CHF.', 'Findings:  Impression: Mild to moderate pulmonary vascular congestion with upper
['Findings: Post-replacement of the orogastric tube.  The course of the newly inserted tube is unremarkable.  The tip projects over the middle parts of the stomach.  There is no evidence of complication, notably no pneumothorax.  The other monitoring and support devices are unchanged.  On both the right and the left side, a pre-existing pleural effusion is slightly increasing in extent.  The size of the cardiac silhouette is without relevant change. Impression: ', 'Findings: to suggest pneumonia.  Upper lungs are clear.  Of note is severe gaseous distention of at least one if not two hollow viscus in the upper abdomen.  Dr. ___ was paged at 11:30, when the findings were recognized, to discuss possibility of clinically significant intestinal distention. Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Small right pleural effusion unchanged.  Small left pleural effusion, new since ___.  Severe cardiomegaly with particularly right atrial and/or right ventricular enlargement is chronic.  There are no focal findings to suggest pneumonia.  Upper lungs are clear.  Of note is severe gaseous distention of at least one
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No displaced rib fracture is seen.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: There is a small to moderate right pleural effusion with fluid tracking along the minor fissure.  There is adjacent right lower lobe atelectasis.  The left lung is clear.  No interstitial pulmonary edema.  The heart is mildly enlarged. Impression: Small to moderate right pleural effusion with fluid tracking along the minor fissure.']
['Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No acute osseous abnormality is present. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Dual-lead left-sided pacemaker is again seen with leads extending to the expected positions of the right atrium and right ventricle.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal.  The aorta is tortuous.  There is minimal left greater than right bibasilar atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The aorta is tortuous and calcified.  Some degenerative changes are seen along the spine, similar to prior. Impression: Minimal left base atelectasis.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  Heart size is mildly enlarged but unchanged. Dense atherosclerotic calcifications are seen throughout the thoracic aorta.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Patchy opacities are seen in the lung bases, more so within the retrocardiac region, findings which rate may reflect atelectasis though infection is not completely excluded.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  Moderate multilevel degenerative changes are seen in the thoracic spine with compression deformity of the L1 vertebral body appearing unchanged. Previously demonstrated lytic lesion involving the left second posterior rib is better appreciated on the previous CT. Impression: Low lung volumes.  Patchy opacities in the lung bases, more pronounced on the left, may reflect atelectasis but infection cannot be excluded in the correct clinical setting.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Severe pulmonary vascular congestion has worsened accompanied by new mild to moderate pulmonary edema.  Moderate cardiomegaly is stable.  Small left ple
['Findings: Compared to ___, post extubation decrease in lung volume and increased in intrathoracic pressure likely accounts for mildly increased heart size.  Perihilar opacity, left worse than right likely reflects mild pulmonary edema.  Linear opacities in bilateral bases and left mid lung likely represent atelectasis.  There is small left pleural effusions, if any.  No pneumothorax is appreciated.  Right central line terminates in right atrium.  Sternal wires are aligned and intact. Impression: Appreciable pneumothorax.  Mild pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the right IJ catheter again extends to the right atrium.  Cardiac silhouette is stable and there is again opacification at the bases consistent with small pleural effusions and underlying atelectasis.  No evidence of vascular congestion, acute focal pneumonia, or pneumothorax.', 'Findings: There is significant patient rotation.  Moderate left effusion and small right effusion.  Incidental note of calcified pleural plaques.  Slight increase in retrocardiac opacity is likely atelectasis.  No pulmonary
['Findings: Left-sided PICC terminates in the mid to lower SVC without evidence of pneumothorax.  Again seen scarring on the right.  Overall, there has been no significant interval change since the prior study.  No large pleural effusion. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: No significant interval change from 1 day prior.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison to ___ chest radiograph, heterogeneous opacities in the right mid and lower lung have decreased in severity.  No other relevant change.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change.  Mild overinflation.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  Calcified pleural plaques and scars, predominating in the right lung.  No acute changes.  Stable position of the left PICC line.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change is noted.  Mild overinflation.  All scarring on the right.  No evidence of acute changes such as pneumonia or pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.', '
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Relatively low lung volumes are noted. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta is noted. No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Again seen is a hazy right midlung opacity.  Slightly increased opacities at the lung bases may be due to atelectasis.  Elsewhere, lungs are clear and the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Hazy right midlung opacity for which dedicated nonurgent chest CT is again suggested.', 'Findings: There are low lung volumes.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Right-sided pigtail catheter is no longer visualized.  There is mild pulmonary vascular redistribution and alveolar infiltrate right greater than left
['Findings:  Impression: The patient is after median sternotomy and aortic valve replacement.  Heart size and mediastinum are stable in appearance. Post sternotomy wires are unremarkable.  Assessment of the lung parenchyma demonstrates minimal interstitial changes, chronic and no definitive abnormalities noted.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There is no evidence of pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views the chest provided.  Midline sternotomy wires and prosthetic aortic valve again noted.  Mild basilar atelectasis without convincing evidence for pneumonia or edema.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: As above.', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion with small bilateral pleural effusions, progressed since prior exam.  There is an area of increased retrocardiac opacity, which may reflect atelectasis vs. possible superimposed infection.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is no
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well expanded, clear lungs. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to 11:11 a.m. today.  Nasogastric tube has been advanced until all the side ports are in the stomach.  Left basal atelectasis is improving.  Right lung is clear.  Heart size is normal.  No change in positions of transvenous atrioventricular pacer defibrillator system.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have decreased.  The patient is slightly rotated but there is no change in appearance of the pulmonary parenchyma, notably no evidence of aspiration.  No pleural effusions.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Impression: ', 'Findings: were recognized and we discussed them by telephone five minutes later. Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Two views of the chest were performed, the first at 11:12 a.m. centered traditionally that includes the entire chest, and the second performed at 11:15 a.m. is centered at the diaphragm and excludes the lung apices.  The augmented post-processed image in both cases shows the esophageal
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Portable semi-upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates hyperexpanded clear lungs.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged allowing for patient positioning.  There is no pneumothorax, consolidation, or pleural effusion.  The endotracheal tube ends 6.5 cm from the carina.  A nasogastric tube enters the stomach and courses out of the field of view.  A left-sided PICC line ends at the upper SVC. Impression: No pneumonia.', 'Findings: Frontal portable chest radiographs demonstrate a central catheter which is unchanged in position, terminating in the left brachiocephalic vein, as well as a nasogastric tube with the tip within the stomach.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Opacity of the right lower lobe likely represents collapse, but underlying pneumonia cannot be excluded.  There is also a possible small right pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax or bony abnormality is seen. Impression: Probable right lower lobe collapse, worsening over the past week, with a possible small right ple
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is seen.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is seen.  Heart size is within normal limits.  Right mediastinal contour is convex laterally, with increased density in the right paratracheal region and mild leftward displacement of the upper trachea. Impression: No acute findings.  Possible mediastinal lymphadenopathy or mass.   Updated findings reported to Dr. ___ ___ attending radiologist review by phone at 7:45 a.m. on ___.']
['Findings: The tip of the new right PICC line is seen in the mid to low SVC.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hila, and pleural surfaces are normal.  Prior bilateral shoulder hemiarthroplasty stent are again seen. Impression: 1. The tip of the new PICC line is in the mid to low SVC.', 'Findings: Small bilateral pleural effusion.  Mild cardiomegaly.  No overt pulmonary edema.  Mild dependent atelectasis.  Prior bilateral shoulder hemi arthroplasties. Impression: Small bilateral pleural effusions and mild dependent atelectasis']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are clear of consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is enlarged with a left ventricular configuration.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: Cardiomegaly but no acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are again noted. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Moderate cardiomegaly is stable.  The thoracic aorta is tortuous.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged and unremarkable.  There is no pleural abnormality.  Right glenohumeral degenerative changes are mild. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: Moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is present.  The aorta is slightly unfolded.  Hilar contours are normal.  There is no pulmonary edema, focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormality is present.  Right glenohumeral mild to moderate degenerative changes are noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: ? Impression: Since a recent radiograph of ___, bilateral asymmetrically distributed heterogeneous opacities have substantially improved, possibly due to asymmetrical edema.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are again demonstrated, and note is made of moderate gastric distension in the imaged portion of the upper abdomen.', 'Findings: ?  TECHNIQUE:  Single frontal view of the chest  COMPARISON:  Prior radiographs on ___  FINDINGS:   Compared with prior radiographs of ___, there is slight improvement in pulmonary edema, right greater than left.  There is no large pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax or new focal consolidation.  Heart size is normal, and accentuated by low lung volumes.  A right IJ catheter is in the low SVC. Impression: Slight improvement in pulmonary edema, right greater than left.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  The pre-existing parenchymal opacities, notably on the right, have minimally decreased in extent and severity.  Mild cardiomegaly persists.  No larger pleural effusions.  Minimal retrocard
['Findings: The right chest Port-A-Cath terminates in the right atrium, stable from ___.  Right lower lung opacity obscures the right heart border and right hemidiaphragm, with corresponding opacities on lateral view.  This is new since prior study.  Mediastinal contours, hila, and cardiac silhouette are otherwise normal.  No pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: Likely pneumonia involving the right middle and lower lobes.', 'Findings: Right-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates in the proximal right atrium.  Cardiac silhouette size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected.  Biliary stents are seen within the region of the common bile duct. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Bibasilar atelectasis larger on the left side are grossly unchanged.
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Cardiac silhouette is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Overlying the tip of the right scapula is an ovoid density measuring approximately 17 mm. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Ovoid density overlying the tip of the scapula. Recommend repeat PA radiograph in 4 weeks to reevaluate.   Updated findings emailed to the ED ___ Nurse for communication with the PCP.']
['Findings: Patient is rotated to the left.  Subtle opacity is seen projecting over the medial left lung apex.  The right lung is clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The right hemidiaphragm is mildly elevated.  The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged.  There may be mild enlargement of the main pulmonary artery. Impression: Subtle opacity projecting over the medial left lung apex, underlying consolidation may be present.  Recommend apical lordotic view for better evaluation.  Equivocal mild enlargement of the main pulmonary artery may relate to underlying pulmonary hypertension.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Apical lordotic view of the chest were better evaluation of subtle opacity at the medial left lung apex.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.No pleural abnormality is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. Correct position of the right Port-A-Cath.  No pneumothorax. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pleural effusion.  No pulmonary edema.']
['Findings:  Impression: Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.  .  Of note conventional radiographs do not provided complete evaluation of the tracheobronchial tree.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs are well-expanded clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. The upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Upright AP and lateral views of the chest demonstrate mild cardiomegaly, with slight interstitial prominence, but no evidence of pneumothorax, overt pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  Right humeral head deformity is noted, chronic. Impression: 1.  Mild cardiomegaly, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary process. 2.  Chronic right humeral head deformity.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate no focal consolidation convincing for pneumonia.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are stable when compared to prior radiograph dated ___. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Re- demonstration of a chronic right humeral head deformity. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change in the diffuse upper lobe predominant pleural and parenchymal scarring in a patient with known emphysema.  Mild atelectatic changes with pleural effusions at the bases.  No acute focal pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change in the extensive upper lobe predominant pleural and parenchymal scarring in this patient with known emphysema.  The right central catheter is been removed.  There is now a endotracheal tube in place with the tip approximately 4.1 cm above the carina.', 'Findings: Portable upright chest film ___ at 15:06 is submitted. Impression: Lungs are hyperinflated and there is parenchymal distortion, especially at both lung apices, consistent with known underlying emphysema.  No focal airspace consolidation is seen to suggest pneumonia.  No pneumothorax.  Right subclavian PICC line is unchanged in position.  Interval placement of a nasogastric tube with the tip projecting over the stomach but the side
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the areas of supra basilar atelectasis have almost completely resolved. The size of the cardiac silhouette remains slightly enlarged but there is no evidence of pulmonary edema.  Minimal atelectasis is also seen in the retrocardiac lung regions. No pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: No previous images.  The nasogastric tube extends at least to the lower body of the stomach where it crosses the lower margin of the image.  Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged and there is some indistinctness of engorged pulmonary vessels consistent with elevated pulmonary venous pressure. Mild atelectatic changes at both bases. Impression: ', 'Findings: There is bibasilar atelectasis.  Lung volumes are normal.  There is mild cardiomegaly, similar to the prior study.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is mild prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature, but no frank pulmonary edema. Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis, similar to the prior chest radiograph.']
['Findings: Portable upright frontal chest radiograph demonstrates interval increase in size of a dense consolidative opacity in the right upper lobe with surrounding airspace opacity.  There is no pneumothorax.  Cardiac silhouette remains normal in size, the mediastinal contours remain normal.  Median sternotomy wires are fractured at nearly all visible levels. Impression: Interval increase in right upper lobe mass-like opacity likely secondary to post-biopsy hemorrhage or lavage surrounding pre-existing mass, without evidence of pneumothorax.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  The cardiac silhouette is enlarged.  There is central pulmonary vascular congestion as well as indistinct peripheral pulmonary vasculature.  Hazy bilateral opacities are noted, with scattered interlobular septal thickening.  These findings are consistent with pulmonary edema, minimally improved.  Superimposed consolidation is not entirely excluded.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are present, left greater than right.  There is no pneumothorax.  Midline sternal wires are intact and well aligned.  There has been interval placement of a endotracheal tube, with the tip terminating 3.5 cm above the carina.  A transesophageal tube is also in place, coursing into the stomach, with distal tip beyond the field of view of this radiograph,. Impression: 1.   Findings consistent with pulmonary edema, minimally improved since prior radiograph of several hr earlier. 2.  Endotracheal tube terminates 3.5 cm above the carina.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there are improved lung volumes.  The endotracheal and nasogastric
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous image, no relevant change is seen. The nasogastric tube was removed.  The left internal jugular vein catheter and the pacemaker wires are in unchanged normal position.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly.  The bilateral basal areas of atelectasis are unchanged in appearance.  There is no overt pulmonary edema and no evidence of focal parenchymal opacities that have newly occurred.  Unchanged appearance of the partly calcified aortic arch.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is noted.  Bilateral basal areas of atelectasis are constant in appearance.  No new focal parenchymal opacities.  No overt pulmonary edema.  Mild cardiomegaly.  The monitoring and support devices are in constant position.  The appearance of the aortic arch is also unchanged.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is top-normal. There is substantially enlarged aortic arch demonstrated concerning for on the wrist might dilatation.  Bibasal, left more than right atelectasis demonstrated. There is small amount
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the monitoring and support devices are constant.  The lung volumes are unchanged, but the ventilation of the lungs, notably at the lung bases, is improved as compared to the prior exam.  The pre-existing retrocardiac atelectasis is minimally less severe than on the previous image.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly with minimal fluid overload. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the monitoring and support devices are unchanged.  The lung volumes remain low.  There is moderate cardiomegaly and mild fluid overload.  In addition, there is a large left retrocardiac opacity that could reflect atelectasis, pneumonia, or a combination of both.  No new parenchymal opacities have occurred in the interval.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: ET tube ends 2.9 cm above the carina.  NG tube is in the stomach.  Right-sided PICC line ends at cavoatrial junction.  Left lower lobe opacification is probably atelectasis,
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged. Widening of the superior mediastinum may be due to the presence of mediastinal lipomatosis and low lung volumes. The aortic knob is calcified. Hilar contours are normal, and the pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized. No acute osseous abnormalities seen. Impression: Widening of the superior mediastinum may be due to the presence of mediastinal lipomatosis and low lung volumes. Consider followup PA and lateral views with improved inspiratory effort for further assessment. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality otherwise demonstrated.', 'Findings: Single AP view of the chest provided.   An endotracheal tube ends 2.0 cm above the Carina. A transesophageal tube courses below the level of the diaphragm, however the tip cannot be visualized.  Lung volumes are low, however grossly clear.  Bibasilar atelectasis is moderately increased.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Severe widening of the mediastinum is unchanged from ___. Impression: 1
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: AP portable view of the chest demonstrates the hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Aortic arch calcifications are present.  Moderate cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema are new.  Minor fissure thickening reflects edema.  There is no pneumoperitoneum  Dialysis catheter tip projects over cavoatrial junction, unchanged.  Nasogastric tube has been removed. Impression: New mild cardiac decompensation.', 'Findings: were discussed with Dr. ___ by phone on ___ at 9:40 a.m. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the opacification in the right lower zone, attributed to bronchiectasis, no longer seen is. There is no evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Opacities in the right middle lobe and lingula, corresponding with areas of known bronchiectasis have improved.  Additionally, the opacity in the right upper lobe has resolved.  The heart is top normal.  The mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax present. Impression: Improvement in opacities in the right middle lobe and lingula, corresponding to known areas of bronchiectasis.  Complete resolution of right upper lobe opacity.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous chest xray from ___ and chest CT from ___.  There has been no significant interval change.  Right middle lobe and lingular bronchiectasis with associated scarring is stable.  Elsewhere, the lungs remain clear without consolidation or effusion or vascular congestion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous
['Findings: No definite focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  The pulmonary hilar vessels may be slightly prominent without overt pulmonary edema. Impression: Possible mild central pulmonary vascular engorgement without overt pulmonary edema.  No definite focal consolidation.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The right middle lobe linear atelectasis/scarring is seen, slightly less prominent than on the prior study.  No new focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: Minimal decrease in prominence of the right middle lobe scarring/atelectasis.  Otherwise, no significant interval change.']
['Findings: There is air under the right hemidiaphragm which is likely due to prior instrumentation ( "Old mesh"). Otherwise the cardiomediastinal is unremarkable. No pneumothorax is seen.  Lower lobe opacities are seen. Impression: Air under the right hemidiaphragm likely due to instrumentation. Lower lobe opacities which likely represent atelectasis but could be infectious in origin given an appropriate clinical scenario.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes.  There is no pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Multiple surgical clips project over upper abdomen.  Partially imaged abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal size. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Patchy opacity in the left lung base is unchanged, likely atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  No displaced rib fracture.  SVC vascular stent along the right aspect of the mediastinum appears stable. NG tube terminates in the stomach. Impression: Satisfactory position of NG tube. Left base atelectasis.', 'Findings: NG tube and ET tube are in acceptable positions. A stent projects over the expected location of the SVC and right atrium. New small bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent atelectasis are seen. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  There is an opacity at the left upper lung which has increased from prior. Impression: Opacity at the left upper lung increased from prior, which could be atelectasis but could be pneumonia in the proper clinical setting.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pre-existing left-sided pneumonia shows minimal signs of resolution at the left lung base but slightly more extensive changes in the left lung apex.  No reactive pleural effusion.  The right lung continues
['Findings: There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiac size is moderately enlarged as before.  the lungs are clear.  There are low lung volumes.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  HD catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction Impression: No acute findings', 'Findings: The radiograph is relatively underpenetrated.  Extremely low lung volumes.  There is a left jugular central venous catheter with tip in the lower SVC.  Mild cardiomegaly.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Evaluation for edema is limited by low lung volumes. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: There is consolidation in the retrocardiac region corresponding to the left lower lobe on the lateral radiograph with air bronchograms, which may represent atelectasis or pneumonia.  There is a trace left pleural effusion on the lateral view.  No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia is seen.  The right lung is grossly clear.  There is no pneumothorax.  No pulmonary vascular congestion or edema is seen.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected.  Degenerative changes at the acromioclavicular joints, greater on the right than the left are noted. Impression: Left lower lobe atelectasis or pneumonia and small left pleural effusion. Clinical correlation is needed.']
['Findings:  Impression: No comparison.  The patient has received a nasogastric tube.  The tube shows a normal course, the tip projects over the middle parts of the stomach.  No complications, notably no pneumothorax.  Small bilateral areas of atelectasis at the lung bases.  No pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Bibasal areas of atelectasis are noted.  There is no pleural effusion.  The patient is after thoracolumbar spinal surgery.  No new consolidations noted.  No pneumothorax is seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: NG tube tip is in the stomach.  Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Spinal hardware is unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Distended loops of the bowel in the upper abdomen are re- demonstrated.']
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of CHF or acute pulmonary infiltrates.  No significant new abnormalities in comparison with similar study in ___.', 'Findings: There is mild vascular prominence without overt pulmonary edema.  There is a consolidation at the right base with blunting of the right costophrenic angle.  No other focal consolidation is identified.  There is no pneumothorax.  The mediastinal contour is normal.  Atherosclerotic calcifications are noted along the aortic arch.  The cardiac size is normal. Impression: Consolidation at the right base may represent a developing pneumonia or atelectasis.  There is likely an associated small right pleural effusion.']
['Findings: Cardiomegaly is stable.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  There is no evidence for pulmonary edema, pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Left-sided dual lead ICD is in place, unchanged in position. Impression: No acute change from ___.  No evidence of amiodarone toxicity.', 'Findings: In comparison with chest radiographs from ___, lung volumes have minimally improved and small opacity in the left lower lobe likely represents atelectasis.  Left-sided AICD in place with dual leads in unchanged position.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No central vascular congestion or overt pulmonary edema.  There is mild calcification at the aortic knob.  Multiple thoracic compression fractures with radiodensity in the upper lumbar spine, consistent with prior vertebroplasty. Impression: 1. No evidence of pneumonia. 2. Mild left lower lobe atelectasis. 3. Unchanged multiple thoracic compression fractures.', 'Findings: The ICD generator is seen overlying the left chest wall with three leads attached, one in the expected location of
['Findings: Moderate cardiomegaly with left ventricular predominance is noted.  The aorta appears tortuous, diffusely calcified, and dilated at the level of the aortic arch with mass effect upon the adjacent trachea.  There is mild pulmonary vascular engorgement.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Scarring is seen within the lung apices.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected.  . Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Dilated and ectatic thoracic aorta which can be better assessed with contrast-enhanced CT if not done previously.']
['Findings:  Impression: Unchanged mild pulmonary edema and small left pleural effusion.', 'Findings: There has been interval placement of a right internal jugular catheter which courses along the expected location of the superior vena cava with tip projecting over the expected location of the cavoatrial junction.  No pneumothorax is detected.  Pulmonary vascular congestion is increased with increased mild interstitial edema.  There is a new small right pleural effusion.  Lung volumes are low.  Heart size is enlarged.  Tortuous calcified aorta is again noted. Impression: 1.  Interval placement of right internal jugular catheter with tip projecting over the region of the cavoatrial junction. 2.  Interval increase in mild interstitial pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: The patient isrotated.  There has been interval placement of an endotracheal tube with tip projecting over the mid trachea, approximately 4.4 cm above the carina.  A right internal jugular catheter is in similar position.  Lung volumes are slightly improved compared to prior with mild interstitial edema.  Heart size again appears enlarged.  Calcified tortuous
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous image, the patient has received a left pectoral Port-A-Cath. The course of the line is unremarkable, the tip projects over the right atrium.  Minimal retrocardiac atelectasis. Low lung volumes and moderate cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: The right-sided central line has been removed. The left-sided Port-A-Cath and feeding tube are unchanged in position.  There remains volume loss and atelectasis at the right base. There is no overt pulmonary edema. There are no pneumothoraces.']
['Findings: The patient has been extubated in the interim since ___. The inspiratory lung volumes are very low, decreased from ___, with progressive bibasilar atelectasis. There is no large pleural effusion. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Dilated air-filled colon is noted in the imaged upper abdomen. Impression: 1. Status post extubation with decreased lung volumes and progressive bibasilar atelectasis. 2.  Dilated air-filled colon incidentally noted in the imaged upper abdomen.', 'Findings:  Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly is slightly worse than ___ years ago.  Lung volumes are once again quite low, and there is more pronounced bibasilar consolidation which could be pneumonia, but is more likely atelectasis.  The other region of consolidation superior to the right hilus has a similar differential diagnosis, but atelectasis is less likely in the nondependent lungs.  Tip of the endotracheal tube at the upper margin of the clavicles is no less than 5 cm from the car
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are well-expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The imaged osseous structures appear intact.  There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: in keeping with extensive multifocal bilateral pneumonia as demonstrated on the chest CT obtained earlier the same day.  ET tube in satisfactory position above the carina. Impression: Findings in keeping with extensive multifocal bilateral pneumonia as demonstrated on the chest CT obtained earlier the same day.  ET tube in satisfactory position above the carina.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the position of the PICC line is not changed.  There is minimally improved distribution and severity of the bilateral parenchymal opacities and the intestinal over distention of the bowel is essentially unchanged.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings: Interval extubation.  Apparent interval increase in cardiac size and width of vascular pedicle, even when allowances are made for lower lung volumes.  In the setting of new widespread bilateral air space opacities, this is likely due to worsening volume status of the patient with associated widespread pulmonary edema.  Coexisting aspiration is possible in the appropriate clinical setting.  Bilateral pleural effusions are present, with adjacent atelectasis at the lung bases.  Within the imaged portion of the upper abdomen, diffusely distended loops of
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence of traumatic injury.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Left PIC line ends at the level of the left first rib, not appreciably different than on ___.  Pulmonary and mediastinal vascular engorgement suggests volume overload.  There is no pulmonary edema as yet and borderline cardiomegaly is unchanged.  No pleural effusion.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  No pleural effusions.  No focal parenchymal opacities.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette, normal hilar and mediastinal contours. Impression: ']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Bilateral perihilar opacities extending into the upper and lower lobes with diffuse prominence of the interstitium and cephalization of the vasculature are consistent with mild pulmonary interstitial edema.  Linear opacities at the left base likely represent atelectasis.  There is no consolidation or large pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax. Impression: Mild to moderate pulmonary interstitial edema.', 'Findings: Enteric tube now courses below the diaphragm, out of the field of view.  The remaining lines and tubes are stable in appearance.  There is persistent obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm concerning for atelectasis with possible underlying small pleural effusion.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  Remainder of the examination is unchanged. Impression: No evidence of pneumothorax.  Persistent obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm, likely presenting atelectasis with possible small pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Are right internal jugular approach Swan-Ganz catheter terminates in expected position. 
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest were obtained.  The heart size and mediastinal contours are normal.  A 13 mm rounded opacity projecting over the right heart on the frontal view possibly corresponding to a rounded opacity seen retrosternal on the lateral view. The lungs are well expanded and clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Impression: 13 mm round opacity projecting over the right heart possibly corresponding to a retrosternal opacity on the lateral view could potentially be a pulmonary ___ on end but can be further evaluated with nonemergent chest CT.']
['Findings: There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding.  Bibasilar opacities likely reflect atelectasis, although aspiration or pneumonia cannot be excluded in the right clinical setting.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette unchanged from prior exam. Impression: Bibasilar opacities, likely reflecting atelectasis although aspiration or pneumonia cannot be excluded in the right clinical setting.', 'Findings:  Impression: Stable appearance of previously identified chest deformity, no conclusive evidence for cardiac enlargement, no signs of pulmonary congestion and no acute pulmonary parenchymal infiltrates in this ___-year-old female patient with history of cough.', 'Findings: There are relatively low lung volumes.  There may be minimal vascular congestion.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  Scattered areas of minor atelectasis are noted.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: Relatively low lung volumes with possible minimal vascular congestion.  No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.', 'Findings: Extremely low lung volumes are seen with
['Findings: There is a suboptimal inspiratory effort and low lung volumes.  Allowing for changes due to this, the cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits.  The thoracic aorta is tortuous.  The bilateral hila are unremarkable. The heart is not enlarged.  The lungs are clear.  There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate top normal heart size, which may be accentuated by AP technique.  The thoracic aorta is somewhat tortuous.  Allowing for underpenetration, there may be suggestion of peribronchial thickening, although there is no confluent consolidation.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: Findings may suggest bronchiolitis.', 'Findings: Low lung volumes are present.  This accentuates the size of the cardiac silhouette which is at least mildly enlarged.  The aorta remains tortuous.  There is crowding of the bronchovascular structures but
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are clear. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Left chest wall pacing device is seen with single lead tip projecting over the right ventricular apex.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: Single-lead pacing device with lead tip at the right ventricular apex.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  A 2 mm nodular opacity in the left upper lung likely represents a granuloma or vessel en face. The lungs are otherwise clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Normal radiograph of the chest.']
['Findings: There is a large left pleural effusion with partial collapse of the left lower lobe.  Moderate atelectasis is also noted on the right and overall lung volumes are low.  Heart size is likely normal, although accentuated by the portable technique and low lung volumes.  There is no definite consolidation in the aerated portion of the lungs; however, a left lower lobe consolidation could be obscured by the atelectasis and effusion.  A vascular stent is seen extending across the anterior mediastinum.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: 1. Large left pleural effusion with partial collapse of the left lower lobe and patchy atelectasis at the right base in the setting of low lung volumes.  Pneumonia cannot be excluded.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: Normal chest radiographs.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear with no evidence of a consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute fractures are identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear and well expanded.  No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax is seen.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal contour is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are clear there is no pneumothorax or effusion there is S-shaped scoliosis Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality', 'Findings: Mild S-shaped scoliosis is again noted.  The cardio mediastinal contours are normal. The bilateral hila are normal.  There is no apparent hilar or mediastinal lymphadenopathy.  There are no focal lung consolidations or masses.  There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  There are no pneumothoraces or effusions. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of chest.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is distension of the upper esophagus.  Abnormal retrocardiac mediastianal tissue is noted. Impression: Distension of the upper esophagus and abnormal retrocardiac mediastianal tissue.  If these findings correlate with patient symptoms and futher evaluation is clinically indicated, CT would allow for better characterization.  Findings communicated to Dr. ___ at 7:48 a.m. on ___ by phone.', 'Findings: A large right pleural effusion is without substantial interval change from the previous radiograph.  There is been interval placement of a right basilar chest tube with tip projecting over the medial right base.  There is persistent right basilar opacification likely reflective of atelectasis.  No pneumothorax is present.  Streaky left basilar opacity is re- demonstrated.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Impression: 1.  Interval placement of right basilar chest tube without substantial interval change in size of large right pleural effusion. 2.  Persistent right
['Findings:  Impression: The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is mild tortuosity of the AA descending aorta.  No acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum and pleural surfaces.  No evidence of active infection or intrathoracic malignancy.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest were acquired.  Lung volumes are slightly low, causing exaggeration of the heart size and accentuation of the pulmonary vasculature.  There is minimal bilateral lower lung atelectasis.  No focal consolidation is seen.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal.  There are no pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax is seen.  A round calcific density adjacent to the superior aspect of the right humeral head could represent calcific tendinitis. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiac or pulmonary process.  2.  Calcific density adjacent to the right humeral head, possibly representing calcific tendinitis.  Clinical correlation recommended.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate clear, well-expanded lungs without focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinal contours are normal.  No bony abnormalities.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Interval development of small bilateral pleural effusions.  The lungs are clear, no acute focal consolidation.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  No pneumothorax. Impression: Interval development of small bilateral pleural effusion, otherwise no interval change.']
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest.  Lower lung volumes seen on the current exam.  Bibasilar opacities are likely secondary to atelectasis.  Lungs are otherwise clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified.  Surgical clips are identified in the right upper quadrant suggesting prior cholecystectomy. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: AP and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates clear lungs with no focal opacity convincing for pneumonia. When compared to prior radiograph dating back through ___, the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unchanged.  The aorta is tortuous in its course.  There is no large pleural effusion.  No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified. Impression: No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Low lung volumes and elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is largely stable from the prior study.  There is a slight prominence of the vasculature but no focal consolidations worrisome for pneumonia.  Opacities at the left lung base could be due to overlying soft tissue versus a small effusion.  The right lung appears clear.  Cardiac size is top normal.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Low lung volumes and elevated left hemidiaphragm.  Possible very small left pleural effusion versus soft tissue attenuation at the left base.  No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: An AP upright portable chest radiograph shows interval clearing of the fluid density blunting the left costophrenic angle that was seen on the study from an hour and half earlier and no pneumothorax.  Some left infrahilar consolidation persists. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, the cardiac silhouette now appears to be within upper limits of normal.  No evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusions. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  There is moderate cardiomegaly, unchanged.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  There is slight wedge deformity of a mid thoracic vertebral body unchanged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no evidence of mediastinal shift.  The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal or slightly enlarged and there is indistinctness of engorged pulmonary vessels consistent with some pulmonary edema.  Opacification at the left base with obscuration of the hemidiaphragm is consistent with volume loss in the left lower lobe and pleural effusion.  In the appropriate clinical setting, superimposed pneumonia at the at 1 or both bases would have to be considered. The PICC line extends to the lower portion of the SVC.', 'Findings:  Impression: ET tube tip is 4.6 cm above the carinal.  NG tube passes below the diaphragm with its tip not seen.  Bibasal consolidations appear to be even more progressed than on the prior examination concerning for progression of infectious process. Mild vascular congestion is noted.', 'Findings:  Impression: ET tube tip is 5 cm above the carinal. NG tube tip is in the stomach. Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Bibasal consolidations appear to be unchanged since the prior study', 'Findings:
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs are clear. Impression: No acute abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated.  There are bilateral percutaneous nephrostomies that are partially visualized.  No focal consolidations are seen within the lungs.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusions.  The heart is normal in size.  There is no evidence of pneumoperitoneum and osseous structures are unchanged. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Tortuosity descending thoracic aorta is noted.  Old healed anterior rib fractures  and degenerative changes at the shoulders are also seen.  There is a mid left clavicular fracture, the acuity of which is difficult to assess on this single view. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Mid left clavicular fracture, potentially chronic, however the acuity of which is uncertain based on this single view and clinical correlation suggested regarding need for additional imaging.']
['Findings: There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.  A patchy opacity in the left lower lobe is concerning for pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting although atelectasis could also be considered, particularly noting its steaky character.  The lungs appear otherwise clear.  There is no pneumothorax, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: Vague opacity in the left lower lobe concerning for pneumonia.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lung volumes are slightly low resulting in bronchovascular crowding.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart is upper limits of normal size. The mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal allowing for low lung volumes.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to 12:23 a.m.:  Feeding tube, wire stylet in place, ends in the distal stomach.  Right subclavian line ends in the upper right atrium.  Moderate bilateral pleural effusions and a mild venous and pulmonary vascular engorgement unchanged.  Heart size top normal.  No pneumothorax or mediastinal widening.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has been extubated.  The pleural effusions have minimally increased in extent.  Also increased are the signs suggestive of pulmonary edema.  Moderate cardiomegaly persists.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there has been some decrease in the degree of pulmonary edema and extent of the layering pleural effusions, both of which are still substantially prominent.  Central catheter remains in place. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Three AP views of the chest performed at 12:23, 12:30, and 12:32 a.m.  Dobbhoff feeding tube, recently placed in the right bronch
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear of consolidation or pulmonary vascular congestion or effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Endotracheal tube removed.  No other significant change.  Failure persists.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  The monitoring and support devices, including the left pectoral pacemaker are in unchanged position.  Unchanged evidence of bilateral pleural effusions, associated substantial atelectasis and moderate cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema.  No relevant changes are visualized. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is again enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with vascular congestion and bilateral pleural effusions with compressive atelectasis at the bases.  The pacer leads remain in good position. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to prior radiograph from ___, there has been interval placement of an endotracheal tube which terminates 5.5 cm above the carina. There has been interval reaccumulation of right sided pleural fluid.  There is no pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly is unchanged. The left sided pacemaker leads terminate in the right atrium and right ventricle,
['Findings: were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ ___ telephone at 9:05AM  on ___. Impression: Left lower lobe consolidation.  Trace left pleural effusion.  The initial findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ ___ telephone at 9:05AM  on ___.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2.  Hyperinflation of the lungs, suggestive of COPD.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lungs are hyperinflated.  A faint linear density in the left lower lung is unchanged likely scarring or platelike atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Hila appear unchanged.  No acute bony abnormalities. Impression: Hyperinflated lungs without superimposed acute process.', 'Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated with relative lucency at the bilateral lung apices suggestive of COPD/emphysema.  There has been interval development of small bilateral pleural effusions from ___.  Stre
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Trace atelectasis is noted at bilateral lung bases. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: 3.9 x 5.1 cm mass is in the left upper lobe.  There is no pneumomediastinum or pneumothorax post biopsy.  2-cm nodule is at the left lung base.  Bibasilar atelectasis is mild.  The patient had prior sternotomy and suture line in biapical region.  Pleural effusion is small if any.  CONCLUSION:  There is no complication post left upper lobe mass biopsy.  There is no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The patient is status post median sternotomy.  Fractured wires are seen involving the second superior-most wire and at the inferior-most wire.  Innumerable bilateral pulmonary nodules are seen consistent with metastatic disease with concern for worsening since the prior study.  Chain sutures are seen overlying the bilateral upper hemithorax.  No pleural effusion is seen.  No pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: Innumerable bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with metastatic disease.'
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is a large right pleural effusion with associated collapse of the right middle and the majority of the right lower lobe.  There is partial residual aeration in the superior segment of the right lower lobe.  Findings may reflect pneumonia and effusion.  The left lung is clear.  Mediastinal contour is grossly unremarkable.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Large right pleural effusion with associated collapse in the right middle lobe and majority of the right lower lobe.  Follow up to resolution.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest show decrease in size of small right pleural effusion from ___ with significant interval decrease in size after thoracentesis between chest radiographs of ___ and ___.  The lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits and unchanged. Impression: Decreased size of small right pleural effusion from ___.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, the right pleural effusion
['Findings: There is mild cardiomegaly.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  There are bibasilar consolidations, likely secondary to atelectasis.  Note is made of small bilateral pleural effusions.  There is no pneumothorax. Incidental note is made of mild tracheal deviation to the right, which can be evaluated by ultrasound. Impression: Bibasilar consolidations, likely secondary to atelectasis; however, an acute infectious process cannot be excluded. Small bilateral pleural effusions.  ___ d/w Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ by telephone at 3p on the day of the exam.']
['Findings: seen on chest radiograph.  No evidence of pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Impression: Decrease in lung volumes accounts for all findings seen on chest radiograph.  No evidence of pneumonia or pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: discussed with Dr ___ by phone on ___ at 1.___ pm Impression: ', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear and appear improved compared to prior study.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There has been interval removal of the skin ___ and abdominal drain. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral images of the chest.    The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours unchanged.  Bilateral hilar and prevascular mediastinal lymphadenopathy are better assessed on the previous PET-CT.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. A fiducial marker is noted within a spiculated lesion in the right medial apex of the lung compatible with known malignancy.  No new focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Lungs are hyperinflated with emphysematous changes again noted.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: No new focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  Re- demonstration of spiculated right apical lesion and emphysema.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are slightly lower than on the prior study with crowding, particularly at the left base.  An early infiltrate in this region cannot be excluded. 2.5 cm right upper lobe mass is poorly visualized on this film. There is no pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  A tiny clip projects over the right medial lung apex at the site of a spic
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  No pleural abnormalities are seen.  The heart size is mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Impression: No pneumonia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Patient is status post right upper lobectomy.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Normal postoperative appearance after right upper lobectomy.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are hyperinflated but clear consolidation or effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  There is no free air below the diaphragm.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No free air below the diaphragm.']
['Findings: Marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is unchanged.  Based on older chest CT of ___, this may potentially represent a combination of cardiomegaly and pericardial effusion.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear except for symmetrical mild biapical scarring.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Unchanged enlargement of the cardiac silhouette as described above.', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   The lungs are clear. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The heart is moderately enlarged, similar to prior exam. The mediastinal contour is normal. No hilar congestion is seen.  Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: Cardiomegaly without acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear.  No pleural effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  Visualized bones are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process identified.  No lobar consolidation.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Lung volumes are appreciably lower and explaining in part what is nevertheless a substantial increase in size of moderate to large hiatus hernia.  Bibasilar atelectasis is worsened.  Upper lungs are grossly clear.  Heart size is difficult to assess but probably not grossly enlarged or changed.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: Semi-upright AP and lateral radiographs of the chest are provided.  The heart is enlarged.  There is a left layering pleural effusion.  Kerley B lines and pulmonary vascular redistribution is present.  There is no pneumothorax.  There is no large airspace consolidation. Impression: Moderate left pleural effusion and pulmonary edema consistent with congestive heart failure.  Underlying pneumonia in LLL cannot be excluded.', 'Findings: Compared to prior radiograph from ___, there has been interval removal of the left pigtail catheter. There is no pneumothorax.  The extent of the left pleural effusion has decreased. A small left sided effusion persists.  There is retrocardiac atelectasis.  The heart is enlarged.  Surgical clips are seen within the left axilla. Impression: Small left-sided pleural effusion with no evidence of pneumothorax.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged position of the left pigtail catheter.  No pneumothorax.  Decrease of the left pleural effusion.  No other relevant changes.  Constant cardiomegaly
['Findings: Right chest wall Port-A-Cath is again seen with its tip extending into the region of the cavoatrial junction.  The lungs appear clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable with widened mediastinum compatible with known mediastinal lymphadenopathy as seen on recent PET CT.  The imaged bony structures appear intact.  No free air is seen below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: Comparison is made to the prior chest CT from ___.  There is prominence of the left mediastinum consistent with known lymphadenopathy.  This is similar to the scout radiograph from the CT scan from ___.  Heart size is prominent with mild left ventricular hypertrophy.  There is no focal consolidation or pleural effusions.  There is atelectasis at the left lung base.  There are no pneumothoraces. Impression: ']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well expanded, clear lungs. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiac silhouette size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is visualized.  Mild H shape configuration of the imaged vertebral bodies is compatible with the history of sickle cell disease. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: There has been interval removal of a cardiac implant device.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no overt pulmonary edema.  The heart is top-normal in size given AP technique. The mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Diffuse interstitial markings are noted, right greater than left.  Additionally, there is a right upper lobe opacity with mediastinal shift towards the right.  This is suggestive of underlying volume loss, possibly prior lobectomy changes.  However, if there is no history of surgery, underlying malignancy should be considered.  Superimposed post-obstructive pneumonia is possible.  Atelectasis is noted at the left lung base.  No substantial pleural effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: Right upper lobe opacity and volume loss.  While this may reflect prior lobectomy change, there may be an underlying mass with possible post-obstructive pneumonia, and should be further investigated with CT.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Chest CT with contrast for further evaluation of rightward mediastinal shift and right upper lobe opacity.  NOTIFICATION:  Updated findings and recommendations were telephoned to Dr. ___ by ___ on ___ at 11:15AM, approximately 10 minutes after attending readout.']
["Findings: Again seen are calcified mediastinal lymph nodes likely within the aortico pulmonary window, unchanged in appearance since ___.  Stable right apical scarring with small apical granuloma is consistent with prior granulomatous disease.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size, mediastinal contour, and hila are unremarkable.  The visualized osseous structures are notable for a minimally-displaced left lateral tenth rib fracture.  No additional rib fracture. Impression: 1. Minimally displaced left lateral tenth rib fracture corresponding to site of patient's symptoms.  No pneumothorax. 2. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease including stable calcified mediastinal lymph nodes."]
['Findings: The lungs now appear clear except for minimal streaky density at the right base consistent with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring.  The heart appears large but cardiac size may be exaggerated by AP technique.  The aorta is mildly tortuous.  Mediastinal structures are otherwise unremarkable.  The bony thorax is grossly intact. Impression: The cardiac silhouette is prominent but the cardiac size may be exaggerated by AP technique.  No active pulmonary disease.', 'Findings: New moderate size left and trace right pleural effusions are present with associated compressive atelectasis in the left lung base.  Remainder of the lungs are clear.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unchanged with the heart size within normal limits.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  There is no pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated. Impression: New bilateral pleural effusions, moderate in size on the left and trace on the right, with compressive left basilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiac, hila, mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  The heart size is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or evidence of old tuberculosis. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation,, effusion, or pulmonary vascular congestion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Single AP upright portable view of the chest was obtained.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable with the cardiac silhouette normal in size and the aorta calcified and tortuous.  Ovoid calcification projecting over the lateral right lower lung is stable.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  There is no overt pulmonary edema.  Partially imaged are degenerative changes at the bilateral glenohumeral joints. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No significant interval change.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Slight prominence of central pulmonary vasculature is noted and may be related to known history of central pulmonary embolism.  Lungs are clear except for a nonspecific patchy opacity in the left mid lung region. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The mediastinal contours are normal.  The heart is very mildly enlarged.  Degenerative changes are noted in the spine with flowing anterior osteophytes, consistent with DISH. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Lung volumes are lower, patient positioning is more recumbent, both of which contribute to a greater lateral sweep to the ascending thoracic aorta and change in the mediastinal caliber accordingly.  However, it should be noted that unless there were a large scale mediastinal bleeding or dissection, an acute change in mediastinal caliber might not be appreciated on conventional chest radiographs.  Heart size top normal, unchanged.  Pulmonary vasculature
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. Massive soft tissue density structures at the level of the right-sided mediastinum and right hilus. Opacifications of the right basal hemi thorax, likely caused by a combination of atelectasis, effusion and parenchymal collapse. Unchanged normal appearance of the left heart border and of the left hemithorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: Bulky right upper lobe collapse, developed between ___ and ___, is still present. Elevation of the base the right lung due to a combination of subpulmonic pleural effusion and elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is unchanged. Mild interstitial abnormality developing in the left lung should be first treated has mild edema, before ascribing it to disseminated carcinomatosis. Right heart border is obscured by middle lobe collapse, making it impossible to assess heart size.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is an extensive opacity in the right lower lung, likely caused by a combination of diaphragmatic elevation, parench
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: There is engorgement of the central pulmonary vasculature, cephalized flow and indistinctness of the pulmonary vessels, all compatible with interstitial edema.  Mild aortic tortuosity is again noted with calcified plaque seen at the arch.  This is stable compared to prior exams.  Similarly, the cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged and again stable.  There is a small right pleural effusion.  No left effusion is noted.  There is no pneumothorax.  The osseous structures reveal mild multilevel degenerative disease in the mid thoracic spine. Impression: Interstitial edema, likely cardiogenic in etiology.  Recommend repeat radiography after appropriate diuresis to assess for underlying infection.', 'Findings: There is no pneumothorax or large mediastinal hemorrhage.  The right hilum is full, similar to previous exam.  The heart appears enlarged, however this likely technical.  The mild interstitial abnormality has improved.  Incidental note is made of aortic arch calcifications. Impression: No evidence of pneumothorax, or mediastinal hemorrhage.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
["Findings: The heart is upper limits normal in size.  The aorta is mildly tortuous.  There is mild pulmonary vascular redistribution.  There is volume loss at both bases.  An early infiltrate can't be excluded in the lower lobes due to the mild volume loss Impression: "]
['Findings: There has been prior cervical spinal fusion.  Tracheostomy tube projects over the midline.  Left lower lobe collapse and small left pleural effusion.  Right lung is clear. Impression: Left lower lobe collapse and small left pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is an increase in extent of the left lower lung air bronchograms, potentially suggesting progression of the known atelectatic changes.  A small left pleural effusion could have developed in the interval.  No change in appearance of the cardiac silhouette and of the right lung.', 'Findings: There is new near complete opacification of left hemithorax sparing a small portion of left lung apex.  There is ipsilateral mediastinal shift. Right lung is clear.  There is no pneumothorax or large right pleural effusion.  Cardiac silhouette is obscured by left lung collapse.  Tracheostomy tube and cervical spine fusion hardware are in unchanged position. Impression: New left lung near complete collapse with increased ipsilateral mediastinal shift.  Finding may be due to migration of mucus plugging after referenced brochoscopy.
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The heart size is mildly enlarged with a left ventricular configuration.  The aorta is unfolded, accounting for prominence of the vascular pedicle.  There is mild interstitial edema with Kerley B lines and trace pleural fluid bilaterally.  Small atelectatic changes are seen at the right lung base, similar to prior.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Osseous structures are unremarkable.  No radiopaque foreign bodies are seen. Impression: 1.  Mild interstitial edema with trace pleural fluid. 2.  Mild cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema.  The heart is mildly enlarged with a left ventricular configuration.  Atelectasis at the right base has improved.  Osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: Improved atelectasis at the right base and improved pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No mediastinum is seen.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: AP upright portable chest radiograph was provided.  Clips are noted in the mid chest.  There is mild pulmonary edema without sizable effusions.  Lung volumes are low.  Heart size cannot be assessed.  The mediastinal contour is grossly within normal limits.  The bony structures are intact. Impression: Limited study with pulmonary edema noted.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  There is again mild-to-moderate relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm with associated atelectasis.  There is no evidence for pulmonary edema.  On the left, a small pleural effusion layers along the posterior costophrenic angle, however.  There is no evidence for pleural effusion on the left.  Surgical clips again project along the mediastinum. Impression: Small pleural effusion on the left, but no evidence of parenchymal edema.  Persistent volume loss at the left lung base.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is a prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature, which may be due to pulmonary vascular engorgement.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The aorta is somewhat tortuous.  The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. Impression: ']
["Findings:  Impression: There is substantial interval change in the right mediastinal contour that might reflect interval development of atelectasis or potential portion of the right middle lobe.  The ET tube tip is in place, 6.5 cm above the carinal.  Name ___ hematoma on the right is another possibility. Correlation with patient's symptoms and potentially chest CT is to be considered.  NOTIFICATION: Discussed with Dr. ___ ___ the phone by Dr. ___ at 11:30 on ___", 'Findings: Since ___, the opacity in the medial right upper hemithorax has improved, most consistent with improving right middle lobe collapse. Otherwise, no significant interval change. Stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm status post right upper lobectomy. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. The left lung is clear. No pneumothorax, focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia, pulmonary edema, or pleural effusion. The bilateral calcified pleural plaques are unchanged. Impression: 1. Improving right middle lobe atelectasis since ___.  CT scan would be needed to assess the patency of the right middle lobe bronchus,.  2. Otherwise,
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are unremarkable. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No radiographic evidence for active tuberculosis']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes.  There has been interval decrease in the degree of patchy opacification of the right hilar region as well as resolution of the small right pleural effusion.  There is no evidence of pulmonary edema, pneumothorax, or focal consolidation. Heart size is normal. Impression: Interval decrease in degree of patchy opacification of the right hilar region as well as resolution of small right pleural effusion.', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  Lung volumes are low.  There is a patchy opacity within the left lung base as well as a right infrahilar region.  Small pleural effusion is noted on the left.  There is no pneumothorax.  There is no pulmonary edema identified.  No acute osseous abnormalities seen. Impression: Patchy opacities within the right infrahilar region as well as the left lung base concerning for areas of infection.  Small left pleural effusion is also noted.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  Lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Again, the lungs are hyperinflated, with attenuated vascular markings particularly towards the apices, compatible with moderate to severe emphysema.  There is no consolidation, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild bibasilar atelectasis is present. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  A large hiatal hernia with an air-fluid level is unchanged. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2.  Emphysema. Large hiatal hernia. 3.  Stable large hiatal hernia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  Mild bibasilar atelectasis is unchanged.  Again seen is a large hiatal hernia with air-fluid levels.  No focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  Biapical pleural thickening is unchanged. Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis, similar to prior study.  Unchanged large hiatal hernia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No fracture is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No evidence of a fracture.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: The lungs are minimally hyperexpanded, possibly due to respiratory effort.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Mildly hyperexpanded lungs, but no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  No displaced fracture is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There is subtle opacification overlying the spine that is only definitively seen on the lateral view, which is new compared to the radiograph dated ___.  Otherwise, the lungs are clear.  No pulmonary edema.  Heart size is normal.  The thoracic aorta is markedly tortuous, unchanged compared to prior.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: Opacification overlying the spine that is only definitively seen on the lateral view without correlate on the frontal.  This could represent atelectasis however early infection or aspiration are difficult to exclude.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  There is subsegmental atelectasis noted in both lung bases without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis.  No definite displaced rib fracture is seen.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  If there is continued concern for a rib fracture, consider a dedicated rib series.']
['Findings: Left-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates in the SVC.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Multiple clips are again demonstrated within the superior mediastinum and lower neck compatible with prior thyroidectomy.  Linear and patchy opacities within both lung bases is partially attributable to subsegmental atelectasis in the right middle lobe, but infection cannot be completely excluded elsewhere in the lung bases.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormalities are demonstrated. Impression: Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities, partially attributable to subsegmental atelectasis, though infection cannot be completely excluded.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are large, the signs of mild overinflation might be present.  There is minimal non-characteristic scarring at the medial right lung base but no evidence of pneumonia or other infectious change on neither the frontal nor the lateral radiograph.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Minimal tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema. Impression: ', 'Findings: AP upright portable chest radiograph provided.  Excluded right CP angle limits evaluation.  There is mild left basilar atelectasis.  Lungs are otherwise clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  The imaged osseous structures appear intact. Impression: Mild left basilar atelectasis.  Otherwise normal.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is seen.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  Surgical clips are again seen projecting over the right upper quadrant. Impression: Normal chest radiographs.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Low lung volumes contribute to the exaggerated cardiac size although it is still mildly enlarged.  The aorta is tortuous but stable.  No pleural effusion, pneumonia or pneumothorax.  Difference in densities between hila, right greater than left, are explained by calcifications of right hilar nodes as seen on the CT from ___. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', "Findings: There was underpenetration during the study and the lateral view is limited by motion.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Previously described calcified granuloma seen on chest radiograph ___ and chest CT ___ is not able to be appreciated on today's study.  Elevation the right hemidiaphragm is minimally changed from ___.  Heart size is top normal, unchanged.  Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.", 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged, with the heart size within normal limits.  Calcified right hilar lymph node and right lower lobe calc
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Left-sided pacer remains in place.  The heart remains enlarged, which could reflect cardiomegaly, although a pericardial effusion should also be considered.  There is bilateral airspace disease, which is not significantly changed, but would favor pulmonary edema rather than diffuse pneumonia.  Retrocardiac area is not well evaluated due to the enlarged heart.  There is possibly a left effusion.  No pneumothorax.  A spherical calcification in the left upper quadrant again seen and may be splenic in etiology.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax. There are small bilateral pleural effusions. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: No evidence for pneumonia.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.']
['Findings:  Impression: Right IJ line in mid-to-lower SVC.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lungs clear.']
['Findings: Comparison is made to prior study from 12 hours earlier.  There are again seen diffuse areas of consolidation throughout both lobes, most prominent within the right upper lobe marginating the middle fissure.  There is again seen a right-sided PICC line with distal lead tip in the distal SVC.  This has been pulled back 2 to 3 cm as suggested.  There is a left left-sided pleural effusion, unchanged.  There are no pneumothoraces. Impression: ', 'Findings: There is mild cardiomegaly with calcification of the aortic knob and mitral annulus.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.  There is a large opacity in the right lower lung zone concerning for pneumonia.  Mild pulmonary edema is also present. Impression: Findings suggesting right lower lobe pneumonia with superimposed mild pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, there is little overall change. Again there is evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion with bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal.  Mild vascular congestion is demonstrated.  There is small amount of bilateral pleural effusion.  There are no focal consolidations to suggest infectious process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The cardiac silhouette is mild to moderately enlarged.  There may be mild central pulmonary vascular engorgement and very minimal interstitial edema.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings: The heart is moderately enlarged.  There is perihilar fullness with streaky perihilar opacities suggesting mild-to-moderate pulmonary vascular congestion.  In that setting, patchy right apical opacity may likewise represent a form of pulmonary vascular congestion; however, it is a somewhat unusual pattern.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: Findings suggesting mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Patchy new right upper lung opacities which may be due to an asymmetric form of edema, perhaps superimposed on small bulla, but not well characterized.  Short-term followup repeat radiographs are recommended following treatment in order to reassess.', 'Findings: and recommendations were discussed with Dr. ___ at 9 a.m. by phone.  ______________________________________________________________________________     
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm noted.  Associated with this is crowded bronchovascular sure in the right lower lung.  There is no convincing evidence of pneumonia or edema.  No large effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The heart size is top-normal.  Mediastinal contour is unremarkable.  Imaged bony structures are intact. Impression: Elevated right hemidiaphragm with increased bronchovascular crowding in the right lower lung.  No convincing signs of pneumonia or edema.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen.  No free air under the diaphragm. Mild to moderate overinflation. Mild elongation of the descending aorta.  No pathologic parenchymal process. Known right healed rib fractures.', 'Findings: Portable frontal radiograph of the chest demonstrates stable abnormal contour of the mediastinum at the level of the azygos vein and enlargement of the right hilus seen to represent lymphadenopathy on the reference chest CT.  Nodule in the right mid lung corresponds to nodule seen in on the CT.  There is improvement in the right lower lobe opacification with persistent left lower lobe atelectasis. Normal heart size.  Possible small right pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is a new parenchymal opacity at the right lung base.  Severe atelectasis over aspiration must be considered.  No pleural effusions is visualized.  No pulmonary edema. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Dr. ___ was p
['Findings: Lung volumes are low accentuating the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vasculature.  There is associated bibasilar atelectasis.  There is prominence of indistinct pulmonary vasculature with increased reticular nodular opacities in the lung fields compatible with fluid overload with mild pulmonary edema.  There is no focal consolidation worrisome for pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema.  No focal consolidation worrisome for pneumonia.']
['Findings: were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on ___ at 8:19  PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT                                   !! WET READ !!  Retrocardiac opacity, best seen on lateral view, compatible with pneumonia.  The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on ___ at 8:19 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrates a right middle lobe opacity obscuring the right heart border on the frontal view.  This corresponds to an opacity overlying the heart on the lateral view.  The lungs are otherwise clear and the hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion and the pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: Right middle lobe pneumonia.  NOTE:  Findings were entered into the critical results reporting database after a phone call to the supplied number and page of the covering clinician went unanswered.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Per the radiology technologist, patient was unable to completely listen to commands and co-operate.  Given this, there is bibasilar atelectasis.  Patchy left base opacity may relate to atelectasis, although consolidations and developing infection is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.  There is no pleural effusion.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: Portable AP upright chest radiograph provided.  AICD is again noted with leads extending to the region of the coronary sinus, right atrium and right ventricle.  There is opacity at the right lung base with blunting of the right CP angle likely representing partially layering small pleural effusion.  There is no overt pulmonary edema. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Layering small right pleural effusion.  No overt edema.']
['Findings: AP portable supine view of the chest.   Left chest wall pacer is again noted with leads extending to the region the right atrium and right ventricle.  Multiple overlying EKG leads are present.  Cardiomegaly is unchanged.  No supine evidence for effusion or pneumothorax.  No definite signs of pneumonia or edema. Impression: Cardiomegaly without convincing signs of pneumonia or edema.  If there is further concern dedicated PA and lateral view may be performed to better assess.', 'Findings:  Impression: NG tube ends in mildly distended upper stomach.  Mild cardiomegaly is chronic. Aeration of the lung bases is compromised, by atelectasis reflecting elevation of the diaphragm.  Pneumonia is not excluded of course.  Pleural effusions are presumed, but not substantial in size.  There is no pneumothorax. Transvenous right atrial and right ventricular pacer leads follow their expected courses.', 'Findings: The lungs are hypoinflated with right lower lobe atelectasis.  Small left pleural effusion noted.  No pneumothorax.
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: The tip of the endotracheal tube has been pulled back and is now 4.6 cm from the carina, appropriately sited. The rest of the lines and tubes are unchanged.  The heart size is within normal limits.  There is a persistent left retrocardiac opacity.  There is improved aeration at the right lung base. There remains some atelectasis in the right mid lung field.  There are no pneumothoraces. Impression: ', 'Findings: Cardiomegaly is accompanied by worsening asymmetrically distributed pulmonary edema involving the right lung to a greater degree than the left.  In the appropriate clinical setting, superimposed process in the right lung such as pneumonia should also be considered.  Moderate-to-large right and moderate left pleural effusions are also present and associated bibasilar atelectasis. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Pulmonary edema and moderate bilateral pleural effusions worsened appreciably since ___, and have worsened once again in the right hemithorax since ___.  Moderate edema and moderate left pleural effusion are stable,
["Findings:  Impression: No prior chest radiographs available for review.  Patient's is turned severely to her right.  Right hemidiaphragm may be elevated, due to right lower lobe atelectasis.  Repeat view carefully positioned would be helpful in that assessment and judging heart size.  Left lung is clear and there is no appreciable left pleural abnormality.  .", 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___.  Left lung is grossly clear.  Relative elevation right hemidiaphragm is probably due to atelectasis at the right lung base.  This could be atelectasis, perhaps due to aspiration.  The upper lungs are clear.  Heart is top- normal size and if mediastinal vasculature is mildly engorged but there is no pulmonary edema.  Indwelling ET tube and nasogastric tube are in standard placements respectively.', 'Findings:  Impression: Left PICC line tip is at the level of lower SVC.  Heart size and mediastinum are overall unchanged bibasal areas of atelectasis are unchanged.  There is no appreciable pleural effusion.', '
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is at the upper limits of normal size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The heart is normal in size and cardiomediastinal silhouette including tortuous appearance of the thoracic aorta is unchanged.  Lungs are well expanded and clear.  Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The upper abdomen is unremarkable and bones are grossly intact. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: No prior chest radiographs available for review.   Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.  .']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change is noted.  The pericardial drain is in stable position.  Stable right PICC line.  The parenchymal opacities as well as the mediastinal mass, the bilateral pleural effusions and the subsequent areas of atelectasis are again visualized.  The size of the cardiac silhouette is stable.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has received the tracheal stent.  Lung volumes have decreased.  Atelectases are seen at both the left and the right lung bases.  Subsequent new increased radiodensity at the right lung bases.  Repeat chest radiograph is recommended to exclude developing pneumonia.', 'Findings: Moderately enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is likely from a moderate pericardial effusion seen on the recent CT from ___.  The large heterogeneous mediastinal mass seen on recent CT is not well depicted radiographically.  There is no pulmonary edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Enlargement of the cardiac
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is chronic.  Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Remote right-sided rib fractures are re- demonstrated. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is chronic, with similar blunting of the right costophrenic angle likely reflective of chronic pleural thickening.  Thickening along the right minor fissure however suggests the possibility of a trace right pleural effusion as well.  Apart from minimal right basilar atelectasis, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are on remarkable.  Hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  There is no pneumothorax.  Mild degenerative changes are noted in the imaged thoracolumbar spine.  No acute osseous abnormality is clearly noted.  Remote fracture deformities of several right-sided ribs are unchanged.  No
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinum is normal.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No evidence of community acquired pneumonia.']
["Findings: Normal heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The patient's chin obscures the medial lung apices. Impression: No acute process.", 'Findings: The Dobhoff tube projects in the left upper quadrant in the region of the stomach.  Lung volumes are slightly lower, however no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax detected.  A small faint opacity projecting over the right upper lung is new since the radiograph from the prior day.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Impression: 1.  No evidence of aspiration pneumonia.  2.  New small, faint opacity projecting over the right upper lung may be superimposed shadows.  However, close attention on subsequent radiographs is advised.']
['Findings: Again noted is a large hiatal hernia.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  Streaky opacifications in the left inferior hilar region were present before to some extent and can be expected as chronic atelectasis is often seen in association with a large hiatal hernia.  However, it appears more prominent than before and the possibility of superimposed pneumonia could be considered.  There is probably a trace pleural effusion on the left.  A very small pleural effusion is difficult to exclude on the right. Impression: Increased left basilar opacity.  The appearance and location are fairly typical for atelectasis that is usually seen in conjunction with a large hiatal hernia, although superimposed pneumonia is a possibility to consider.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and mitral valve replacement.  The heart is moderate to severely enlarged, with pronounced left atrial enlargement.  Moderate to severe alveolar pulmonary edema has developed, with small bilateral pleural effusions likely present.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Retrocardiac opacity likely reflects atelectasis.  No acute osseous abnormalities are seen. Impression: Moderate to severe pulmonary edema with probable small bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings: Compared to the prior study there is no significant interval change. Impression: ', 'Findings: The intra-aortic balloon pump ends 2.2 cm below the aortic knob and 1.8 cm above the left mainstem which is adequate but should not be higher.  Right-sided Swan-Ganz has been slightly pulled back and now ends in the right pulmonary artery.  Moderate pulmonary edema, more localized in the right upper lobe may be due to mitral valve regurgitation.  Prior sternotomy was done for mitral valve repair in this patient with significant cardiomegaly.  There is no pleural effusion or pneum
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right PICC line was removed and replaced by a left PICC line. The tip of the line projects over the right atrium, the line should be pulled back by approximately 2 cm.  No evidence of complications, notably no pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. Low lung volumes, minimal retrocardiac atelectasis. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There are relatively low lung volumes.  Patchy left base retrocardiac opacity may relate to atelectasis, although underlying consolidation cannot be excluded.  The right lung is clear.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Partially imaged is surgical metallic fusion hardware at the lower cervical spine. Impression: Low lung volumes.  Patchy left base retrocardiac opacity, most likely represents atelectasis, although underlying consolidation cannot be excluded.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Suture at the right lung base with adjacent pleural scarring likely reflect prior biopsy/resection.  No focal consolidation is seen.  No effusion or pneumothorax.  No signs of congestion or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little interval change.  Post surgical or procedure changes are seen at the right base with no evidence of pneumothorax.  There is stable prominence of the pulmonary outflow tract on the left. No vascular congestion or acute pneumonia.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest when compared to the prior radiograph demonstrate interval resolution of small right apical pneumothorax.  There is increase in lung volumes bilaterally.  Elevated right hemidiaphragm represents volume loss after right middle lobe resection.  Stable postoperative
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process']
['Findings: No focal consolidation is identified. There is mild interstitial edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Mild interstitial edema. No focal consolidation.', "Findings: There is again seen a hazy opacity in left lower lung seen on both AP and lateral projections.  It is comparable, but more conspicuous on today's exam.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  No skeletal abnormalities. Small opacity in the left hemithorax corresponds to calcified lymph node on prior CT from ___. Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia, slightly worse than the prior from two days earlier.  Repeat exam recommended after treatment to document resolution."]
['Findings: There are relatively low lung volumes, stable.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear of consolidation or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Normal chest radiograph.', 'Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No pneumonia.', 'Findings: There is minimal left lower lung atelectasis.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal.  There are no pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute cardiac or pulmonary findings.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lung volumes are somewhat low limiting assessment.  There is a large retrocardiac opacity containing an air-fluid level consistent with large hiatal hernia.  Coarsened interstitial markings which are more pronounced along the periphery of the lungs likely reflecting interstitial lung disease.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size appears grossly within normal limits the difficult to assess given large hiatal hernia.  Mediastinal contour appears normal.  The imaged bony structures are intact.  Surgical anchors are seen imbedded in the left humeral head. Impression: Large hiatal hernia.  Coarsened interstitial markings concerning for interstitial lung disease.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  The heart size is within normal limits.  No typical configurational abnormality is seen.  The thoracic aorta is of ordinary dimension but shows diffuse elongation with relative prominence of ascending aorta contour to the right.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  No signs of acute or chronic parenchymal infiltrates are present and the lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free.  No evidence of pneumothorax in the apical area.  Skeletal structures of the thorax grossly unremarkable.  Our records do not include a previous chest examination available for comparison. Impression: No evidence of hilar adenopathy or acute or chronic pulmonary parenchymal infiltrates.  Elongation of otherwise normal appearance thoracic aorta is noted.  Does patient have signs of systemic hypertension?']
['Findings: There is a new moderate-to-large pleural effusion on the right side which occupies much of the right chest with right upper and basilar lower lobe atelectasis.  The right hilum is enlarged raising concern for malignant involvement.  There is a small pleural effusion on the left.  An irregular nodule is not very well visualized in the left upper lobe but corresponds to a vague left suprahilar opacity which is similar to the prior study. The bones appear demineralized. Impression: Moderate to large right-sided pleural effusion with extensive atelectasis in basilar segments of the right lower lobe as well as right upper lobe.  This appearance includes right hilar enlargement.  Malignancy is a likely explanation for these findings.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with study of ___, the postprocedural right apical pneumothorax is essentially unchanged.  Extensive areas of perihilar and apical lateral parenchymal opacities are again seen on the right. The left lung knee is essentially clear except for hazy opacification at the base consistent with pleural effusion and compressive atelectasis.  Lay
['Findings: There is obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm which may be due to atelectasis although pleural effusion or underlying consolidation not excluded.  No right pleural effusion is seen.  There is no pneumothorax.  Biapical pleural thickening is seen.  The lungs remain hyperinflated with relative lucency of the upper lungs, suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  Aortic calcifications are seen.  Seen.  No overt pulmonary edema.  The bones are diffusely osteopenic.  Chronic changes at the partially imaged right glenohumeral joint are noted. Impression: Obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm may be due to atelectasis although pleural effusion or underlying consolidation not excluded.']
['Findings: Single frontal AP upright view of the chest provided.  There is mild vascular congestion which could reflect fluid overload.  No large effusions or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Possible mild fluid overload.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding similar study of ___.  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  The heart size is at the upper limit of normal variation.  No typical configurational abnormalities identified.  Thoracic aorta of ordinary ___, however, some calcium deposits are seen in the aortic wall, mostly at the level of the arch.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  No signs of acute or chronic parenchymal infiltrates are present and the lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free.  No pneumothorax in apical area on frontal view.  Mild degree of degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine, which demonstrates a mildly accentuated kyphotic curvature, but absence of any significant vertebral
['Findings: There are low lung volumes which account for bibasilar atelectasis as well as crowding of the bronchovascular structures and mild cardiomegaly.  There is a very tortuous aorta with calcifications of the aortic knob.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax, pneumonia, pulmonary edema or pleural effusions.  An upper lumbar compression fracture is evident, but age indeterminate. Impression: Given low lung volumes, no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal.  There are no pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute cardiac or pulmonary findings.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear of airspace or interstitial opacity.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  No acute or aggressive osseus changes. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lungs are low in volume but clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size.  Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.  No displaced rib fractures are identified. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: There is no evidence of pneumonia.  There is no new lung consolidation.  The lungs are hyperinflated consistent with COPD with biapical scarring.  The mediastinal and cardiac contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  CONCLUSION:  There is no evidence of pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The aortic arch shows patchy calcification.  Mild subpleural thickening is unchanged at each lung apex for the most part, but there is an apparent increase in density in the left upper lung over about 1 cm region.  Otherwise, the lung fields appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  2.  Possible new left apical lung nodule.  Follow-up chest CT is recommended when clinically appropriate.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___ an, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Evidence of previous cardiac surgery with intact midline sternal wires.  No acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Mild hyperexpansion of the lungs raises the possibility of underlying chronic pulmonary disease.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: were discussed with ___ over the phone by Dr. ___ at 12:45 p.m. on ___.  ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT REASON FOR EXAMINATION:  Evaluation of the patient after mitral and tricuspid valve replacements after discontinuation of the right chest tube.  AP chest radiograph.  Since the prior study, there has been interval increase in still small right apical pneumothorax.  Minimal atelectasis in the right middle lobe is redemonstrated.  No evidence of pneumothorax is seen on the left, but there is most likely present subcutaneous air again that might
['Findings: Portable AP upright view of the chest provided.  Additional history provided is that of hepatocellular carcinoma.  Lung volumes are low with bibasilar atelectasis.  Tiny pleural effusions are likely present.  No pneumothorax.  No convincing evidence of pneumonia.  The heart size cannot be assessed.  The mediastinal contour appears unremarkable with unfolded thoracic aorta noted.  Calcified pulmonary nodule as seen on prior CT torso was seen along the lateral right mid lung.  The imaged osseous structures appear intact.  There is no sign of free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis with probable small pleural effusions.  Limited exam without definite signs of pneumonia or overt CHF.', "Findings: Patient's condition required examination in sitting semi-upright position using AP frontal and left lateral views.  Comparison is made with the next preceding single AP chest view examination of ___.  Comparison of frontal views demonstrates grossly unchanged findings with relatively high-positioned diaphragms obscuring the heart size resulting in multiple plate atelectases on the bases.  Lateral pleural sin
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable with the heart size within normal limits.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized.  There are degenerative changes noted with thoracic spine with anterior osteophyte formation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouettes are normal. The bilateral hila are unremarkable. There is no focal lung consolidation. There is no pulmonary vascular congestion. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The patient is status post CABG.  Sternotomy wires are intact and appropriately aligned.  There is moderate enlargement of the cardiomediastinal silhouette.  There is vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  No focal consolidations to suggest pneumonia.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: 1. Vascular congestion with probable mild interstitial pulmonary edema. 2. No focal consolidations to suggest pneumonia. 3. Small bilateral pleural effusions, improved compared to prior.', 'Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG. Heart size is borderline enlarged. The mediastinal contours are unchanged. Aortic knob calcifications are re- demonstrated. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is demonstrated.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are new in the interval. Patchy bibasilar atelectasis is likely present. The lungs are hyperinflated suggestive of COPD. No focal consolidation or pneumothorax is present. There are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion with small bilateral ple
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size appears mildly enlarged with a left ventricular predominance.  The aorta is markedly tortuous.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Calcified nodules within the left lower lobe appear unchanged, likely granulomas.   Streaky atelectasis is seen in the left lung base.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  The osseous structures are diffusely demineralized with mild compression deformity of to vertebral bodies at the thoracolumbar junction.  Soft tissue calcification adjacent to the left humeral head may reflect calcific tendinopathy. Deformity of the right eighth lateral rib appears to be new in the interval, likely a chronic rib fracture. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The heart size is top-normal, with evidence of coronary calcifications. The aorta is tortuous, with a bulge in the right mediastinal contour, concerning for an ascending aortic aneurysm.  Pleural plaques are seen bilaterally. No focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia are identified.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia identified.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded. No focal opacities are identified. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: There are low lung volumes.  Moderate cardiomegaly is a stable.  The aorta is tortuous.  There is mild pulmonary edema.  There is no pneumothorax.  Left pleural effusion is small.']
['Findings: There has been interval repositioning of the nasogastric tube, now terminating within the stomach.  The right-sided IJ catheter terminates at the cavoatrial junction.  There is no pneumothorax, focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumoperitoneum. Impression: Nasogastric tube terminating within the stomach.', 'Findings:  Impression: Extremely low lung volumes have worsened, and therefore new opacification at the base of the left lung could be due to atelectasis, or early pneumonia.  Low lung volumes exaggerate the caliber of pulmonary vessels and heart size, but I do not believe there is edema.  There is no pneumothorax or appreciable pleural effusion.  Right jugular line ends in the upper right atrium. Nasogastric tube ends in the upper portion of the nondistended stomach.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, this and placement of a Dobbhoff tube, the opaque tip of which straddles the GE junction. Continued low lung volumes with increased engorgement and indistinctness of pulmonary vessels consistent with elevated pulmonary venous pressure.',
['Findings: The heart is moderately enlarged.  There is mild mediastinal and pulmonary vascular congestion, unchanged compared to prior radiograph from ___. There is no focal consolidation or pulmonary edema.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: Stable moderate cardiomegaly and mild mediastinal and pulmonary vascular congestion.  No evidence of acute cardiac decompensation.', 'Findings: are consistent with mild to moderate pulmonary edema.  There is no evidence of focal abnormalities, in particular no evidence of pneumonia.  No larger pleural effusions. Impression: Comparison to ___.  Stable normal lung volumes and moderate cardiomegaly.  Increase in overall density of the lung parenchyma, caused by an overall increase in diameter of the vascular structures.  The diameter of the apical vessels is slightly increased.  Overall, the findings are consistent with mild to moderate pulmonary edema.  There is no evidence of focal abnormalities, in particular no evidence of pneumonia.  No larger pleural effusions.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is mild cardiomegaly. Pacemaker leads are again seen in the right atrium and right ventricle.  There is mild elevation of right hemidiaphragm, unchanged to prior exam.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Severe kyphosis of the thoracic spine is again noted.  Mild compression deformities are seen lower thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low, and there is a right upper lobe opacity concerning for pneumonia.  There is mild pulmonary edema.  There is a left pleural effusion, and a left retrocardiac opacity is also noted.  A left cardiac device has its leads projecting over the right atrium and ventricle. Impression: 1.  Mild pulmonary edema and small left pleural effusion.  Left retrocardiac opacity also noted. 2.  Right upper lobe opacity concerning for pneumonia.', 'Findings: A portable frontal chest radiograph again demonstrates a left chest pacer device with leads projecting over the right atrium and ventricle.  Lung volumes
['Findings: A left PICC tip persists in the lower SVC.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are hyperexpanded but clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There has been interval removal of the left PICC.  Lungs are persistently hyperinflated without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema. Biapical scarring is redemonstrated, unchanged. Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits with aortic arch calcifications. Impression: Hyperinflated lungs without radiographic evidence for acute change.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate mildly hyperinflated clear lungs and a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: Mildly hyperinflated lungs, similar to prior radiographs.  Otherwise unremarkable chest radiograph without evidence of pneumonia.    A preliminary read was provided by Dr. ___ to Dr. ___ at ___ on ___
['Findings: Blunting of posterior costophrenic angle suggests small bilateral pleural effusions.  Lungs are otherwise clear.  There is no consolidation or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Thoracic dextroscoliosis is noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged, including a left ventricular configuration to the heart.  Mild unfolding and calcification are similar along the aorta.  A streaky left basilar opacity is consistent with unchanged minor atelectasis or scarring.  There is no definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The chest is hyperinflated.  The bones appear demineralized.  Mild degenerative changes are similar along the mid to lower thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is minor left basilar atelectasis.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is stable with left ventricular configuration.  The aorta is calcified and tortuous.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  Chronic-appearing deformity is seen along the sternum.  Degenerative changes are likely present along the spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided
['Findings: The lungs are clear, the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Confluent consolidation within the right lower lobe with air bronchograms is compatible with pneumonia.  Small right effusion difficult to exclude.  Left lung is clear.  Heart size and mediastinal contour appear normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Right lower lobe pneumonia.  Possible small right effusion.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Vascular congestion is demonstrated, moderate.  No definitive pneumonia is seen.  Small amount of pleural effusion is present.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates clear lungs bilaterally.  Streaky opacity at the left lung base is most consistent with atelectasis.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no large pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax or evidence of pulmonary edema.  Imaged osseous structures and upper abdomen are without an acute abnormality. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph from ___, no relevant change is seen.  The lung volumes remain low.  Nasogastric tube is in unchanged position.  Mild cardiomegaly with retrocardiac atelectasis and minimal blunting of the left costophrenic sinus.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Since the chest radiograph obtained 2 days prior, there has been interval removal
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided.  Patient positioning somewhat limits evaluation, though allowing for this, the lungs appear clear.  Elevated left hemidiaphragm is noted.  No large effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  Bony structures are intact.  Deformity of the thoracic spine incidentally noted. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is again hyperexpansion of the lungs consistent with chronic pulmonary disease.  However, there is no evidence of acute focal pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings: Two portable AP views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  There has been no significant interval change.  The lungs are clear of consolidation.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are grossly unremarkable noting degenerative changes at the glenohumeral joints bilaterally. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the lungs are well expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is no evidence of focal pneumonia, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lower lung volumes seen on the current exam. The lungs however remain clear. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. If concern for rib fracture, consider dedicated rib series.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. The lung volumes are large.  Mild overinflation, as documented by flattened hemidiaphragms on the lateral image.  Several small non characteristic scars but no evidence of pneumonia or other pathologic parenchymal process.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pleural effusions.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No signs of pneumonia.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged evidence of vertebral stabilization devices.  The appearance of the lung parenchyma is constant.  No pneumonia, no parenchymal abnormalities, normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  The heart is not enlarged. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No pulmonary edema.  Multilevel degenerative changes in the spine are noted. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___.  Previous pneumomediastinum and tiny right apical pneumothorax have nearly resolved.  Lungs are well expanded and clear.  Hila, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pleural surfaces are otherwise normal.', 'Findings:  Impression: There no prior chest radiographs available for review.  This examination is read in conjunction with chest CT on ___.  Pneumomediastinum is comparable in size to the appearance on the chest CT.  Small right apical air collection could be pleural or extrapleural.  There is no pleural effusion.  Lungs are clear.  Heart size']
['Findings: There are relatively low lung volumes.  Subtle small nodular opacities noted at the left upper lung and possibly right lung base are nonspecific and of uncertain chronicity, given lack of priors for comparison.  Recommend comparison with any prior studies, if none consider nonurgent chest CT for further assessment if clinically appropriate given patient age.  Bibasilar atelectasis is seen.  More focal lateral right base opacity could be due to scarring but underlying pulmonary nodule or focal consolidation is not excluded.  Dedicated PA and lateral views the chest would be helpful for further assessment if/when patient able.  No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiac silhouette size is top-normal.  The aorta is calcified and tortuous.  Subtle deformities of several lateral mid to lower right ribs are of indeterminate age, but could be due to prior fractures. Impression: Subtle deformities of at least ___ lateral right mid to lower ribs are of indeterminate age, but rib fractures of indeterminate age not excluded.  Low lung volumes.  Subtle nodular opacities at the left upper lung and right lung base are of unclear clinical significance or chronicity.
['Findings: The heart size is within normal limits.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs again demonstrate an ill-defined opacity projecting over the right upper lobe, similar in extent to prior exam.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No cavitary lesions or calcifications are present. Impression: Right upper lobe pneumonia - its appearance is nonspecific with regards to causative agent, so if TB is a concern clinically, isolation and correlation with sputum would be advised.']
['Findings: Mild, bilateral blunting of the costophrenic angles likely suggests pleural scarring.  Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar contours.  Fully expanded, clear lungs.  No visualized pulmonary nodules or masses. Impression: No visualized pulmonary nodules or masses. No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___,', 'Findings: New increased opacity adjacent to an elevated left hemidiaphragm is associated with blunting of the lateral costophrenic sulcus and lateral shift of the peak of the left hemidiaphragm.  Cysts remainder of exam is unchanged since the recent study, including linear bibasilar opacities in a small right pleural effusion. Impression: New small left pleural effusion with probable subpulmonic component.  No other relevant change since recent study.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Bilateral pleural effusions are again seen with compressive lower lobe atelectasis as on CT from today.  Heart size cannot be assessed.  Mediastinal contour is unchanged.  Bony structures
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there has been placement of a nasogastric tube that extends to the upper stomach.  The side port is probably just distal to the esophagogastric junction.  In comparison with the previous study, there is increased opacification at the left base with poor definition of the hemidiaphragm, consistent with layering effusion and volume loss in the left lower lobe.  Less prominent changes are seen at the right base. Impression: ', "Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  Lung volumes are low. Patient's chin overlies the superior mediastinum and lung apices limiting evaluation. Allowing for technical limitations, there is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.", 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  No focal opacities are identified.  Aorta is tortuous, with atherosclerotic calcifications seen along the aortic knob.  Otherwise, cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  An endotracheal tube ends 2 cm above the carina.  An esophageal tube is seen past the gastroesophageal junction, with the tip in the abdomen but out of view.  No rib fractures or any other bony abnormalities are identified. Impression: 1.  Endotracheal tube in appropriate position, 2 cm above the carina.  Esophageal tube with the tip out of view but past the gastroesophageal junction.  2.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices remain in place.  Continued opacification at the left base consistent with volume loss in the left lower lobe and small pleural effusion.  In the appropriate clinical setting, superimposed pneumonia would have to be considered.  The right lung
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  Subpleural reticulation in the upper lungs likely represents scarring.  No effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: ']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest were provided.  There is stable prominence of right pulmonary hilum compared with ___ and ___.  As  previously recommended, a CT chest with contrast may be performed to further evaluate this finding.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  No bony abnormalities are identified.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Stable asymmetric right hilar prominence which can be further evaluated on a non-emergent basis with a CT of the chest.  No signs of pneumonia or CHF.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  In comparison with the study of ___, there is again some hyperexpansion of the lungs. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Faint platelike lower lung atelectasis is noted.  No signs of pneumonia or edema.  The heart and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits.  No hilar congestion or edema.  Bony structures appear intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Platelike lower lung atelectasis, otherwise unremarkable.']
['Findings: The ET tube terminates 36 mm above the carina.  Lung volumes remain low.  Bibasilar opacity are stable and likely due to atelectasis.  There is no pulmonary edema or large pleural effusion.  The opacity at the right lung base is stable from ___ but new from ___.  Cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged. Impression: Right lung base opacity is likely atelectasis, however pneumonia is possible in correct clinical setting.  Low lung volumes and bibasilar atelectasis are similar as before.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lung volumes are even lower and moderate bibasilar atelectasis has worsened.  Upper lungs clear.  Pleural effusions small if any.  Heart size normal.  ET tube in standard placement.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube terminates approximately 3 cm above the carina.  Normal cardiomediastinal contours.  Low lung volumes.  Increased focal density at the left lung base may reflect pneumonia in the appropriate clinical context. Impression: Appropriate ET tube placement. Increased focal density at the left lung base may reflect pneumonia in the appropriate clinical context.']
['Findings: Bilateral nodular airspace opacities are present in both lung fields, concerning for pneumonia.  Moderate-sized left pleural effusion is noted.  Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  No pneumothorax is appreciated. Impression: Bilateral airspace opacities and left pleural effusion, findings concerning for pneumonia. Follow up radiograph to ensure resolution would be helpful to exclude underlying pathology.', 'Findings: Very small residual left apical pneumothorax is similar to the prior study.  Cardiomediastinal contours are stable.  Widespread pulmonary nodules are unchanged.  Moderate left pleural effusion has slightly increased in size, but adjacent left retrocardiac opacity has slightly improved.  Widespread pulmonary nodules appear similar.  Small right pleural effusion is not appreciably changed. Impression: ', 'Findings: A portable frontal chest radiograph demonstrates multiple nodules which are partially obscured by diffusely increased pulmonary opacities, left greater right. These findings are explained by increased pulmonary edema and left pleural effusion, but pneumonia cannot be excluded.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged and there is no pneumothor
['Findings: to Dr. ___ at 8:01 am on ___ by telephone. Impression: Linear opacity in the left lower lobe, probably subsegmental atelectasis.  However, in the appropriate clinical context, this may represent focal pneumonia or aspiration.   Dr. ___ communicated the above findings to Dr. ___ at 8:01 am on ___ by telephone.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal opacity, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  There is no free air beneath the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or old tuberculous disease.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate clear lungs bilaterally.  No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia is identified. Again noted is a probable mediastinal fat-pad within the right pericardial phrenic angle.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  There is no evidence on this conventional radiograph of severe pulmonary emboli documented on a concurrent chest CTA reported separately.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs.  The lungs are clear, but the pulmonary vasculature is somewhat attenuated.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal is normal.  Probable mediastinal fat pad is noted at the right pericardiophrenic angle. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion, or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No free air is seen below the diaphragm.  Lower thoracic upper lumbar levoscoliosis is noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: were communicated to ___ MD via telephone at 9:44 am on ___. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  These findings were communicated to ___ MD via telephone at 9:44 am on ___.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  There has been interval placement of a left chest wall ICD with lead tip positioned in the region of the right ventricle.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears grossly within normal limits.  The bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.  Appropriately positioned ICD with lead tip positioned in the expected position of the right ventricle.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Mediastinal and cardiac contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  CONCLUSION:  Normal chest x-ray without evidence of pneumonia. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process', 'Findings:  Impression: is that the decreased in size since prior chest radiograph.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.']
['Findings: Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar contours.  Right Port-A-Cath is in unchanged position, terminating at the cavoatrial junction. Lungs are clear.  Pleural surfaces are normal. Impression: Right Port-A-Cath terminates at the cavoatrial junction.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum unremarkable.  Port-A-Cath catheter tip terminates at the cavoatrial junction.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  The volume of a large posteriorly loculated pleural collection has not changed appreciably since ___.  Large posteriorly loculated left pleural collection is slightly larger.  Right lung is clear.  Heart size is normal.  Lungs grossly clear.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the left pleural effusion has substantially decreased.  The effusion is now predominating in the lower third of the hemithorax only.  Areas of atelectasis are seen in the mid and lower left lung zones.  The right lung continues to be normal.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Impression: ', 'Findings: New left pigtail drain is in place in the left lower hemithorax.  Previously seen small pleural effusions has decreased in size.  Parenchymal opacity within the left mid lung persists.  The right lung is clear.  No right pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: Decrease in left pleural effusion status post left pigtail catheter placement.  Overlying paren
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Port-A-Cath resides over the right chest wall with catheter tip seen in the mid SVC region.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: concerning for metastatic pancreatic cancer.  // Assess lungs for fluids  COMPARISON:  None. Impression: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  There are no signs for overt pulmonary edema. There is mild prominence of the pulmonary interstitial markings. There are some hazy densities at the right base which may represent atelectasis or developing infiltrate. There are no pneumothoraces.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated with streaky bibasilar opacities likely indicative of atelectasis.  In the right midlung, there is a suggestion of a rounded opacity concerning for nodule, however this may be a summation of densities.  Heart size is mildly enlarged.  No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Mitral annular calcification is noted. Impression: 1.  Hyperinflated lungs with mild cardiomegaly, but no evidence of pneumonia. 2. Rounded opacity in the right midlung may represent a nodule, or a summation of densities. Anterior oblique views of the chest recommended for further evaluation.  NOTIFICATION:   The impression and recommendation above was emailed by Dr. ___ on ___ at 16:36 to the ED QA nurses for direct communication to the referring provider.']
['Findings:  Impression: Enlargement of the cardiac silhouette due to cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion is chronic chronic, but worsened since ___ accompanied by increasing small pleural effusions and mild pulmonary edema.  Dilated mediastinal veins suggest elevated central venous volume or pressure or both.  Large hiatus hernia noted.  Transvenous right atrial ventricular pacer leads unchanged in their respective positions continuous from the left pectoral generator.', 'Findings:  Impression: Moderate to large bilateral pleural effusion increased from ___ to ___, subsequently unchanged.  Severe cardiomegaly is chronic.  Consolidation at the left lung base not appreciably changed since at least ___.  Pulmonary vasculature is congested, but early edema present yesterday has improved.', 'Findings: . Impression: Recent pulmonary edema has largely cleared.  The pulmonary vasculature remains engorged and there is still moderate residual left pleural effusion.  Cardiomegaly is chronic, and the patient has had moderate pericardial effusion as recent as ___.  What is appreciably different than prior chest radiographs is the much
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   No free air seen below the right hemidiaphragm.  Mild left basal atelectasis noted.  No signs of pneumonia or edema.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears grossly within normal limits.  Bony structures are intact.  Bilateral AC joint arthropathy noted. Impression: As above.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  A fracture of the proximal left humerus is incompletely assessed. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or injury.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of earlier in this date, the monitoring and support devices are unchanged.  There is increased haziness in the lower zones, consistent with layering pleural effusions an underlying compressive atelectasis.  Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with probable elevation of pulmonary venous pressure.', 'Findings:  Impression: The extent of mild postoperative mediastinal and cardiac widening is unchanged since ___.  Mild pulmonary edema and moderate to large left and moderate right pleural effusions have increased.  No pneumothorax.  ET tube in standard placement, with the chin down.  Dual channel left supraclavicular central venous catheter ends in the left brachiocephalic vein. Right transjugular Swan-Ganz catheter tip is in the region of the pulmonic valve.  Upper enteric drainage tube passes into the stomach and out of view.', 'Findings: The Dobhoff tube is now in the lower esophagus and has been significantly pulled back.  The nasogastric tube first port remains at the gastroesophageal junction.  Bilateral moderate pleural effusions and interstitial edema with basal
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes, but clear lungs.  The heart is borderline enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Pleural surfaces are normal. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Severe hyperinflation is unchanged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No focal consolidations or masses noted.', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   No free air seen below the right hemidiaphragm.  Overlying EKG leads are present.  There is an irregular opacity projecting over the right lower lung at the site of recent pneumonia may represent residual infection and followup to resolution is advised.  Left lung is clear.  No large effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears gross in remarkable allowing for rightward rotation.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: 1. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. 2. Persistent opacity in the right lower lung may represent residual infection.  Followup to resolution advised.', 'Findings: Increasing multifocal airspace opacity in the right lower and right middle lobe suggest worsening pneumonia.  Interval improvement of the left lower lobe airspace opacity.  Bilateral pleural effusions have also resolved.  The lungs are hyperinflated.  Heart size is normal. Impression:
['Findings:  Impression: Heterogeneous opacification is still present in the right lower lung zone, probably residual right lower lobe pneumonia.  Previous mild pulmonary edema has improved.  Heart size is top-normal.  Small right pleural effusion is new or larger.']
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Visualized osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  NOTIFICATION:  Findings were discussed with Dr.___ by Dr.___ ___ telephone at 11:30am on ___, immediately following discovery.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  There is no consolidation or effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There are 2 radiopaque densities projecting over the left mid to upper abdomen potentially superficial and clinical correlation suggested. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the earlier study of this date, the pigtail catheter on the right has been removed and replaced with a right chest tube.  A second chest tube is seen in the right mid zone.  The apical pneumothorax has decreased, though there appears to be an area of loculated air collection at the right base laterally. There has been substantial increase in subcutaneous gas along the right lateral chest wall and especially in the right supraclavicular region.  Gas overlying the midline in the lower neck and upper thorax raises the possibility of pneumomediastinum. Continued opacification at the left base is consistent with pleural fluid and volume loss in the left lower lobe.', 'Findings: Patient ___ history of metastatic breast cancer with right mastectomy and local chest wall recurrence, projecting over the right midlung.  Volume loss in the left hemi thorax is long-standing, attributable to  chronic restrictive pleural thickening in the left lower hemi thorax producing lower lobe atelectasis, accompanied by small volume of persistent pleural effusion.  The smaller right pleural effusion and pleural thickening due in part to
['Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  Lateral view somewhat limited by motion.  There is mild cardiomegaly.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No comparison.  Mild thoracic scoliosis.  The lung volumes are normal.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours.  No pleural effusions, no pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.']
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of infection within the limitations of this study technique.']
['Findings: Single portable view of the chest.  The lungs are clear without consolidation, effusion or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there are continued low lung volumes that may account for much of the prominence of the transverse diameter of the heart.  Mild prominence of interstitial markings could reflect elevated pulmonary venous pressure, chronic lung disease, or both.  No acute focal pneumonia.  Partial shoulder arthroplasty on the right is again seen. Impression: ']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Slight prominence of the left hilum is stable as compared to ___. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is present with minimal interstitial edema.  Patchy opacity at right lung base is probably due to patchy atelectasis, but followup chest radiograph may be helpful to exclude an early focus of pneumonia.  At that time, the trachea may be reassessed to evaluate whether apparent rightward deviation is due to the effects of slight rightward rotation or due to displacement from enlargement of the left lobe of thyroid gland. Impression: ']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Mild atherosclerotic calcifications are noted at the aortic knob.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are hyperinflated without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Pleural-parenchymal scarring is noted at the apices bilaterally.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Again seen is minimal prominence of the interstitial markings, most noted at the lung bases, which may be due to chronic lung disease.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable. Impression: No significant interval change.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged, and the pulmonary vascularity is not engorged.  Minimal interstitial opacities in lung bases may reflect chronic interstitial abnormality, as noted on the prior chest CT.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Chronic interstitial lung abnormality at the lung bases persists, as better seen on prior CT.']
['Findings: Portable semi upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates hyperexpanded lungs with increased interstitial markings, not significantly changed from the prior study earlier on the same date.  The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. The heart appears mildly enlarged.  There is no pneumothorax, consolidation, or pleural effusion.  The nasogastric tube appears ultimately terminate in the stomach with the last side port below the GE junction. Impression: Nasogastric tube terminates in the stomach with the last side port below the GE junction.', 'Findings: Portable semi-upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates hyperexpanded lungs. Increased bibasilar opacities, consistent with small bilateral pleural effusions and adjacent atelectasis. Interval clearing of mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. Nasogastric tube ends in the stomach.  No pneumothorax. Impression: Small bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent atelectasis.  Interval clearing of mild interstitial pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: AP semi-upright portable chest radiograph provided.  The heart appears mildly enlarged
['Findings: Endotracheal tube is seen in the proximal right mainstem bronchus and should be pulled back 2 cm. An esophageal tube is seen ending in the stomach and should be advanced approximately 5 - 6 cm.  Cardio mediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Lung volumes are low and there are multifocal areas of atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: Endotracheal tube in the proximal right mainstem bronchus should be pulled back 2 cm.  Esophageal tube should be advanced approximately 5-6 cm for appropriate placement.', 'Findings: An endotracheal tube is seen at 1.7 cm above the carina and should be pulled back approximately 1 cm for optimal positioning. An esophageal tube terminates in the stomach and is in appropriate position.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal, stable. The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: An endotracheal tube is seen 1 point cm above the carina and should be pulled back approximately 1 cm for optimal positioning.']
['Findings: Mild elevation right hemidiaphragm, more pronounced likely secondary to shallower inspiration.  .  There are no infiltrates or effusions. Normal heart size, pulmonary vascularity.  Partially seen distended bowel loop in the left upper quadrant is more prominent. Impression: No infiltrates', 'Findings: The heart is not enlarged.  Within limits of plain film radiography, no hilar or mediastinal lymphadenopathy is detected.  No CHF , focal infiltrate or consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax detected. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process identified.  In particular, no infiltrate or consolidation detected.', 'Findings: Lungs are well expanded clear.  Mediastinal contours, hila, and cardiac silhouette are normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  Lung volumes are low limiting assessment.  There is no convincing evidence for pneumonia or edema.  No large effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears grossly unremarkable.  There is
['Findings: to suggest edema. Small left pleural effusion. Bilateral  humeral fracture deformities again noted.     WET READ VERSION #1  ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT PA AND LATERAL CHEST OF ___  COMPARISON:  ___ radiograph.  FINDINGS:  AP and lateral views of the chest demonstrate persistent cardiomegaly.  An area of consolidation is present in the left retrocardiac region, and could potentially represent developing focus of pneumonia, given clinical suspicion for this entity.  There is also a probable small left pleural effusion.  Bones are diffusely demineralized, and note is made of abnormalities involving the proximal right humerus which have previously been diagnosed as acute fracture superimposed upon chronic injury. Impression: Left retrocardiac consolidation concerning for developing pneumonia.  Probable small parapneumonic effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: Limited radiograph demonstrating no evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: AP and lateral chest radiographs are somewhat limited by rotation
['Findings: Mild cardiomegaly is stable compared to exams dating back to at least ___.  Aside from a mildly tortuous aorta, the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.  There is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.  Left-sided pacer extends to the apex of the right ventricle. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  Lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, effusion, pneumothorax.  Minimal linear left basilar atelectasis is noted.  The heart and mediastinal contours are normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.  Please refer to subsequent CTA chest for further details.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged.  A cardiac conduction device is in stable position.  A rounded opacity projects over the left lung apex and appears to lie outside of the patient on the subsequent chest CT.  The lung fields are clear. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: There is bibasal atelectasis and crowding of the bronchovascular structures due to low lung volumes.  With this in mind, there is no definitive evidence of pneumonia. A retrocardiac opacity appears to be stable since the ___ study, likely representing atelectasis rather than pneumonia.  No acute appearing fractures are identified. Cardiac silhouette remains stable in size. Impression: Bibasal atelectasis without definitive evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: No relevant change as compared to the previous image. The right internal jugular vein catheter is in unchanged position. Low lung volumes. Moderate cardiomegaly with tortuosity of the descending aorta. Mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema. Small retrocardiac atelectasis is not substantially changed. No pleural effusions. No pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding similar study dated ___.  The overall heart size is within normal limits.  No configurational abnormality is present.  The thoracic aorta is generally moderately widened and elongated, but there are no local
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices remain in place.  The patient has taken a better inspiration, which may account for the improved appearance of the pulmonary vasculature.  Bibasilar opacifications are consistent with atelectasis and possible small effusions. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to prior chest radiograph from ___, there has been interval removal of a right sided PICC line. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Lung volumes remain decreased accentuating the bronchovascular structures. Bibasilar opacities likely represent atelectasis in the setting of low lung volumes. There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  A generator overlying the left chest wall, remains unchanged from prior examination. Note is made of chronic injury to the right distal clavicle. Impression: Bibasilar opacities likely represent atelectasis in the setting of low lung volumes.', "Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in semi-upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding similar study ___ ___.  A tracheostomy cann
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  The bilateral hila are unremarkable.  Linear opacities near the left lung base are probably platelike atelectasis.  More diffuse airspace in the right lower lung medially obscuring the right heart border may represent atelectasis, developing infection or sequelae of aspiration, or possibly small pulmonary contusions in the setting of recent trauma.  Otherwise, the lungs are clear.  There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: 1. Right lower lung consolidation, either pneumonia, aspiration, or possibly pulmonary contusions from recent trauma. 2. Left lower lung platelike atelectasis. 3. No evidence of displaced rib fracture.  Note, chest x-ray is not sensitive for the detection of subtle or nondisplaced rib fractures.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated.  The lungs are clear.  The atelectasis seen on chest radiograph dated ___ (right lower lung) has resolved.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Impression: Resolution of previously seen right lower lung opacity.  No acute findings.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, the patient has taken a better inspiration.  The streak of atelectasis at the right base is less dense.  The posterior aspect of one of the hemidiaphragms again is not as sharply seen, most likely reflecting some atelectatic change.  Mild haziness at the left base could reflect some pleural fluid. Impression: ', 'Findings: There is a dense relatively linear opacification at the right base that most likely represents post-operative atelectasis.  On the lateral view, there is poor definition of the posterior aspect of one of the hemidiaphragms. This probably reflects some pleural fluid and atelectasis at the left base.  If there is a clinical symptomatology suggestive of infection, pneumonia would have to be seriously considered. 
['Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   The lungs are clear.  The heart appears mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal contour is normal.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly, otherwise unremarkable.']
['Findings:  Impression: Large bilateral pleural effusions right greater than left have increased.  Bilateral adjacent atelectasis have also increased.  There is no pneumothorax. Right IJ catheter tip is in the IVC as before.  Cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged.  Sternal wires are aligned.  Moderate pulmonary edema has worsened', 'Findings: There is been interval removal of the right internal jugular approach central venous catheter.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Lungs are well-expanded and clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  Previously seen bilateral pleural effusions and atelectasis are resolved.  Enteric contrast is again seen within the partially imaged colon.  Median sternotomy wires are present. Impression: Slightly limited due to patient motion.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrate clear lungs bilaterally.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no evidence of pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax.  There is no air under the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  The heart size is mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: AP upright view of the chest was provided.  There is widening of the mediastinum with markedly thickened right paratracheal stripe.  There is also right hilar convex bulge. Overall, these findings raise concern for mediastinal and right hilar lymphadenopathy.  No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Mediastinal and right hilar widening/prominence is concerning for bulky lymphadenopathy and CT chest is recommended to further assess.  Findings were discussed with Dr. ___ at approximately 4:15 p.m. on ___.']
['Findings: Assessment of the chest is slightly limited by patient rotation. Heart size is within normal size limits. The aorta is mildly tortuous with atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic knob. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lung volumes are lower compared to the previous exam. Patchy opacities within the lung bases, more so on the left, may reflect areas of atelectasis, but infection cannot be completely excluded in the left lung base.  There may be a trace right pleural effusion. No pneumothorax is demonstrated. Biapical pleural thickening and calcification are unchanged. The osseous structures are diffusely demineralized. Impression: Patchy opacities in the lung bases, more so on the left, may reflect areas of atelectasis but infection is difficult to exclude in the left lung base.  Possible trace right pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: Mild to moderate largely dependent pulmonary edema and small left pleural effusion have improved since ___ earlier in the day.  Moderate right pleural effusion is unchanged.  The heart is normal size.  Mediastinal and right hilar vascular engorgement have
['Findings: Re- demonstrated are widespread calcified pleural plaques in the left hemi thorax.  Fiducial seed projects over the lateral left upper lung with some opacity beneath, better assessed on CT.  There is persistent blunting of the right costophrenic angle.  No evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  No large pleural effusion is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: Extensive pleural calcification over the left hemi thorax.  Fiducial seed seen projecting over the lateral left upper lung with opacity beneath which appears more conspicuous as compared to the prior chest radiograph.  Nonurgent chest CT in comparison of this with prior chest CTs would help further assess.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  The heart size is within normal limits.  No configurational abnormalities identified.  Thoracic aorta unremarkable.  There exist old parenchymal abnormalities and pleural scar formations in the left lower hemithorax including sizable linear calcifications in the left-sided diaphragm.  All these changes existed already on the next preceding chest examination
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are normal. Moderate cardiomegaly. Mild basal apical blood flow redistribution, potentially suggesting mild pulmonary edema. No pleural effusions. No pneumonia. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal on both the frontal and the lateral radiograph.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without infiltrate or effusion. The bony thorax is normal. No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum is identified. Impression: Normal chest.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.No pleural abnormality is seen.  No evidence of pneumomediastinum. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Chest PA and lateral radiograph demonstrates unremarkable mediastinal, hilar and cardiac contours.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax evident.  No osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  Midline sternotomy wires are again noted.  Overall, cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  There is an eventration of the right hemidiaphragm.  There is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  No large effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No convincing signs of pulmonary edema or pneumonia.  Bony structures are intact.  There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded with left-greater-than-right linear bibasilar airspace opacities most likely atelectasis, however infectious process would be difficult to exclude.  Trace pleural effusions are noted without pneumothorax. The heart is mildly enlarged with normal cardiomediastinal contours.  Sternotomy wires are intact. Impression: Bibasilar opacities most likely atelectasis though infection cannot be excluded.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperexpanded.  Previously noted left mid lung nodule and bilateral areas of pleural thickening are better assessed on prior CTs and grossly unchanged.  Biapical pleural thickening is also similar .  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Lucent and benign appearing expansile lesion on the right ninth rib appear grossly unchanged. Impression: 1. No evidence of pneumonia. 2. Pleural and parenchymal abnormalities have been more fully evaluated by prior chest CT.  No definite acute changes.  .', 'Findings: AP and lateral chest radiographs.  The lungs are hyperexpanded, similar to prior CT.  Lingular nodule is vaguely seen in the left suprahilar region.  Bibasilar ground-glass opacities correspond to overlying pectoralis muscle.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  There is no pneumoperitoneum. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Lingular nodule better seen on previous CT, and per prior report, nonurg
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Heart is normal in size and cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  On the frontal view projecting over the left anterior sixth and seventh rib interspaces are more small opacities than can be attributed to the left nipple.  This conforms to opacity on the lateral view overlying the lowest partially visible thoracic vertebral body, probably pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Probable, small left lower lobe pneumonia.  Suggest repeat CXR in 4 weeks to document clearing, sooner if indicated by clinical status.    ED Nurses notified by tracked email of change from initial reading.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: Normal chest x-ray.']
['Findings: AP portable supine view of the chest.   ET tube is noted with its tip approximately 3.9 cm above the carinal. A spiculated mass projects over the right pulmonary hilum likely representing primary malignancy. There has been interval increase in scattered bilateral pulmonary opacities most notable in the right upper lobe, likely representing progression of pneumonia given rapid interval change. Impression: Increased opacities primarily in the right upper lobe likely progression in pneumonia. Right hilum spiculated mass concerning for primary malignancy. Endotracheal tube positioned appropriately.', 'Findings: to Dr ___ by telephone on ___ at 10:54 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings. Impression: Examination was centered on the left third anterior rib, because of constraints in patient positioning.   Right lung is now fully opacified, presumably collapsed.  One lumen of the dual lumen ET tube ends in the left main bronchus.  The second ends in the trachea.  Right bronchial tree is fully opacified and may contain secretions or hemorrhage. The severe multinodular and interstitial infiltration in the left lung is still present.  There is no
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  Small calcified nodules at the left apex suggest small granulomas.  Apical pleural scarring is also partly calcified, but otherwise there is no evidence for pleural calcification.  The lungs appear otherwise clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. Calcified biapical pleural thickening is again seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are is unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The left hemidiaphragm is substantially elevated.  There is left basilar atelectasis.  There is no large consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged since the prior examination, and incompletely evaluated given elevation of left hemidiaphragm. Again noted is prominent dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute abnormality.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. Chronic elevation of the left hemidiaphragm again noted with left basal atelectasis. No large consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The heart size cannot be assessed due to left hemidiaphragmatic elevation. The mediastinal contour is grossly stable with calcification noted. Bony structures are grossly intact with chronic appearing deformity of the left humeral head. There is a prominent dextroscoliosis of the T-spine again noted. Impression: No acute findings. Stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.  No acute bony injury.']
['Findings: Relatively low lung volumes are noted.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Azygos fissure is incidentally noted.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No displaced fractures identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal. Mediastinum is normal. Lungs are essentially clear. There is no pleural effusion or in pneumothorax.  The patient is after what appears to be most likely inter atrial septal closure. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Pacemaker leads terminate in right atrium and right ventricle.', 'Findings: A dual-chamber pacemaker is present.  Its leads appear to be in satisfactory position within the right atrium and right ventricle on this limited frontal exam.  The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no evidence of free intraperitoneal air. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2.  No evidence of free intraperitoneal air.']
['Findings: AP supine portable chest radiograph obtained.  NG tube is seen with its tip coiled in the left upper abdomen.  The endotracheal tube is seen with its tip located approximately 3.8 cm above the carina.  Otherwise, no change. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are hyperinflated.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Hyperinflation of the lungs.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Moderate overinflation persists.  Stable mild enlargement of the hilar structures, likely reflecting pulmonary hypertension. Non characteristic scarring in the right and left lung apex.  No evidence of acute abnormalities such as pneumonia or pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has undergone CABG.  The tip of the endotracheal tube projects 3.6 cm above the carina.  Swan-Ganz catheter in expected position.  Nasogastric tube as well as the chest and mediastinum drains assume in correct position.  Minimal fluid overload, normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  The presence of a minimal left pleural effusion cannot be excluded.  Linear atelectasis at the right lung base. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison to ___, mild cardiomegaly is accompanied by a new pulmonary vascular congestion and minimal interstitial edema as well as small bilateral pleural effusions.  No definite focal areas of consolidation are identified to suggest acute pneumonia, but follow-up radiographs after diuresis may be helpful for more complete assessment of the lungs if clinical suspicion persists.  Compression deformity at the T8 vertebral body level is similar to prior CT of ___.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the cardiac silhouette is somewhat more prominent with left ventricular configuration and there is
['Findings: The lungs are clear with no evidence of consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute fractures are identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  Fusion device partially imaged in the lower C-spine.  The lungs appear clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinal contours are stable.  Bony structures are intact.  There is widening of the left AC joint which appears stable from prior exam dating back to ___. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  There is cervical spinal fusion hardware which is partially imaged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
["Findings: The lungs are well-expanded.  There is a focal consolidation in the left perihilar region.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: Focal consolidation in the left perihilar region, which would be compatible with pneumonia in the right clinical setting.  NOTIFICATION:  Findings discussed with Dr. ___ ___ patient had been discharged and patient's history was not highly suspicious for infection.  Repeat exam should be performed to ensure clearance of this finding which can be done nonurgently.  This recommendation with emailed to ED QA nurses."]
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: Small right pleural effusion. There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax. No pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: Small right pleural effusion.', 'Findings: AP and lateral upright views of the chest were provided.  There is stable mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  A calcified granuloma is again seen projecting over the right lung base.  Clips in the left upper abdomen are noted.  The lungs are clear of consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable with atherosclerotic calcifications along the thoracic aorta.  The imaged bony structures appear intact with a scoliosis of the spine again seen. Impression: No signs of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: The patient is markedly rotated on the current examination which does limit evaluation to some extent.  However, no focal airspace consolidation is seen to suggest pneumonia or aspiration.  No pleural effusions.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.  2-3mm right basilar nodular opacity either represents a vessel on end
['Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in semi-upright position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding similar study ___ ___.  There is status post sternotomy and previous bypass surgery as before.  A right internal jugular approach central venous line remains in unchanged position.  No increase in heart size.  Thin, plate-like bilateral atelectasis as before.  Questionable pleural effusion with mild blunting of the lateral pleural sinuses.  No evidence of new acute infiltrates and no evidence of pneumothorax in the apical area. Impression: Stable chest findings as can be identified on single AP chest view in the latest day examination interval.', 'Findings: concerning for multifocal bibasal pneumonia versus massive aspiration. Mild vascular enlargement is present. Post sternotomy wires are unremarkable.  Upper lungs are essentially clear. Small amount of pleural effusion is most likely present. There is no pneumothorax Impression: There has been substantial progression of the minimal right basal opacity currently demonstrated is a large consolidation in conjunction with smaller left basal opacity, findings concerning for multifocal bibasal pneumonia versus massive aspiration. Mild vascular enlargement is
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low causing bronchovascular crowding.  There is mild vascular congestion.  No definite consolidation is identified.  Trace pleural effusions may be present.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Prominent pulmonary arteries appear unchanged and may indicate pulmonary hypertension.  The heart size is accentuated by low lung volumes and likely top normal.  A gastric tube is partially imaged. Impression: Finding suggesting slight vascular congestion or fluid overload, as well as enlargement of pulmonary arteries, but with no evidence for superimposed pneumonia.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There are relatively low lung volumes and bibasilar atelectasis.  No discrete focal consolidation is seen.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Prominence of the pulmonary arteries suggests possible pulmonary arterial hypertension.  The cardiac silhouette is stable. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged evidence of massive right hilar adenopathy.  The presence of right-sided mediastinal adenopathy cannot be excluded.  No evidence of pneumonia.  A
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for accentuation by apical lordotic and AP technique.  No focal areas of consolidation are present within the lungs, and there are no pleural effusions. Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Normal chest x-ray.']
['Findings: Mild enlargement of cardiac silhouette is present.  Thoracic aorta is unfolded.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Streaky opacities in lung bases likely reflect areas of atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Remote left third posterior rib fracture is present. Impression: Minimal atelectasis in the lung bases.  No pulmonary edema.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with study of ___, there is little overall change. Again there is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with intact sternal wires and pacer device in place.  There may be mild elevation of pulmonary venous pressure.  No evidence of acute focal pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Lungs are clear, mildly hyperinflated raising possibility of obstructive airways disease or emphysema.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal and there is no edema or appreciable pleural effusion.  Moderate cardiomegaly is essentially unchanged.  Transvenous right atrial and left ventricular pacer leads and right ventricular pacer defibrillator leads follow their expected courses from the left pectoral pacemaker, unchanged since ___.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the endotracheal and nasogastric tubes have been.  Otherwise, little change, with substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette and relatively mild elevation of pulmonary venous pressure, a combination the raises the possibility of cardiomyopathy or pericardial effusion.  Bibas
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  Lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Previous pulmonary edema has decreased in severity.  Moderate cardiomegaly persists.  Elongation of the descending aorta.  No evidence of pneumonia.  No pleural effusions.', 'Findings: There is moderate cardiac enlargement.  Indistinct pulmonary vascular markings are noted suggesting vascular congestion.  On the frontal, there is mild retrocardiac opacity.  On the lateral view, there is increased opacity projecting over the posterior lung bases.  While some this could be due to overlying soft tissues though underlying parenchymal consolidation is also possible.  Right PICC tip seen over the upper SVC. Impression: Cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion.  Presumably left basilar opacity could be in part due to atelectasis and overlying soft tissues, superimposed infection cannot be excluded.']
['Findings: A right internal jugular catheter is in-situ, the tip terminates in the right atrium and this could be withdrawn approximately 3 cm to be positioned in the superior vena cava.  A nasoenteric tube is in-situ, the tip appears to be within the stomach.  The trachea is central.  The cardiomediastinal contour is within normal limits.  The heart is not enlarged. No pneumothorax, consolidation or pleural effusion seen.  The visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. Impression: Right internal jugular catheter, the tip is in the right atrium and this could be withdrawn by 3 cm to terminate in the superior vena cava.  NOTIFICATION:  Findings discussed with Dr. ___ in the ICU at 09:05 ___ at the time of reporting.', 'Findings: Cardiac size is normal.  Aside from minimal atelectasis in the right upper lobe, The lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Lines and catheters unchanged in standard position Impression: No pulmonary edema', 'Findings:  Impression
['Findings:  Impression: Lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces are normal.', 'Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated, but clear.  Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Severe costochondral calcification seen. Impression: Hyperinflated lungs, but no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits, especially considering the pectus deformity.  There is no evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are normal. No intra-abdominal free air is seen underneath the right hemidiaphragm.  A left nodular opacity likely represents a nipple shadow, and recommend evaluation with nipple markers or shallow oblique radiograph views. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. A left nodular opacity likely represents a nipple shadow, and recommend evaluation with nipple markers or shallow oblique radiograph views.']
['Findings:  Impression: There is again seen a left-sided pigtail catheter in unchanged position.  There are no pneumothoraces.  There is slight decrease in the left-sided pleural effusion.  There has been worsening of the perihilar opacities particularly about the right side.  Although this may be related to pulmonary edema, the vascular pedicle is not widened, therefore, infectious etiologies should also be considered.', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   There has been interval placement of a pigtail left chest tube with decreased size of left pleural effusion.  There is persistent consolidation in the left lower lung which remains concerning for pneumonia.  Right lung appears clear.  No pneumothorax. Impression: As above.', 'Findings: A large left pleural effusion is increased in size from ___ causing contralateral shift of the trachea.  The left cardiac border and hemidiaphragm are obscured.  The right lung is well expanded.  Without pleural effusion or evidence of pneumonia.  There is mild vascular congestion.  No pneumothorax. Impression: 1. Large left pleural eff
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate normal heart size.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No displaced rib fracture identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___ from an outside facility, in there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views the chest were reviewed.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Cardiac silhouette size is top-normal to mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: No comparison.  Normal chest radiograph.  Elongation of the descending aorta.  No evidence of TB.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.   Surgical clips seen in the right upper quadrant.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.']
['Findings: Right heart border is not as clearly seen as on prior CT, suggesting right middle lobe opacity.  No other definite focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is seen.  The heart size is normal.  Mediastinal contours are normal.  No bony abnormality is detected. Impression: Right heart border not as well seen suggesting right middle lobe opacity, potentially atelectasis given lower lung volumes although infection is possible.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  Lung volumes are low.  The imaged portions of the lungs are clear.  Heart size cannot be assessed.  Mediastinal contours are normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: Limited, negative.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there again are low lung volumes, which accentuate the enlargement of the cardiac silhouette and degree of pulmonary vascular congestion.  The bilateral pleural effusions with compressive basilar atelectasis appear stable. In view of the extensive pulmonary changes, low lung volumes, and size the heart, in the appropriate clinical setting it would be impossible to exclude superimposed pneumonia.', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   Low lung volumes significantly limit the assessment.  There is normal ray shin of the mid upper lungs.  The lower lungs cannot be assessed heart size cannot be assessed.  No large effusion is or pneumothorax is seen.  Bony structures are grossly intact. Impression: Limited exam due to markedly low lung volumes.  No overt abnorm
['Findings: There are slightly low lung volumes, which results in mild bronchovascular crowding. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. The aorta is tortuous.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged, unchanged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are similar with tortuosity of thoracic aorta again noted.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax is identified.  No definite acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart size is top normal.  The aorta is unfolded Impression: Clear lungs.  No pleural effusion.']
['Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged, with multiple mediastinal vascular clips, median sternotomy wires, and a dual lead pacemaker device unchanged in position, terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, pulmonary edema, or focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Dual lead pacemaker in situ with the lead tip seen in the right atrium and right ventricle.  Evidence of previous CABG procedure with sternal wires unchanged.  Evidence of previous cervical spinal fusion.  Marked pulmonary hyperinflation.  No suspicious pulmonary nodule or mass.  Marked peripheral pruning of blood vessels.  Spondylotic changes of the thoracic spine. Impression: Marked COPD.  No pneumonia.  No suspicious pulmonary nodule or mass.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the heart is normal in size and there is no vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.  Dual-channel pacer device extends to the right atrium
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits.  Within the lungs, minimal linear opacities are present within the lingula and left lower lobe, but there are no focal areas of consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  No pleural effusions or acute skeletal abnormalities are detected. Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Normal lung volumes without evidence of pneumonia, pulmonary edema or nodules and masses.  No pleural effusions.  Moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, vertebral fixation devices in the neck. Impression: ', "Findings: The heart size is normal. Tortuosity of the aorta is stable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Impression: No acute abnormalities identified to explain patient's leukocytosis and cough."]
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  An ill-defined opacity is seen in the right lower lobe. Loss of the vascular markings in the retrocardiac space suggest a mild consolidation in this location as well. Mild cardiomegaly is present with associated upper vascular redistribution and mild hilar engorgement. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Right lower lobe and possible left lower lobe pneumonia. 2.  Pulmonary vascular congestion in the setting of mild cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  There is no consolidation, effusion, or vascular congestion.  Cardiac silhouette is enlarged, particularly the left atrium.  Atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic arch.  The no acute osseous abnormality detected. Impression: Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are hyperinflated but clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Probable sugsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base.  No pleural effusion.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of bilateral hemidiaphragms, suggesting chronic pulmonary disease.  There are no focal consolidations, pleural effusions, or pneumothorax.  The mediastinum, hila and heart are within normal limits. There is mild calcification of the aortic arch.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: 1. No evidence of pneumonia or pulmonary edema. 2.  Hyperaeration with flattening of bilateral hemidiaphragms, consistent with chronic pulmonary disease.', 'Findings: The cardiac silhouette size is normal. The thoracic aorta is diffusely calcified. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal contours are unchanged.  There are no pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute cardiac or pulmonary process.', 'Findings:
['Findings:  Impression: Normal lung volumes. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  No evidence of pneumonia. Azygos lobe as normal anatomical variant.  Severe scoliosis.  At the thoraco lumbar junction.  NOTIFICATION:  No evidence of TB']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Portable AP upright chest radiograph provided.  There has been interval placement of a right IJ central venous catheter with its tip in the low SVC.  Dense consolidation is again noted in the left lower lobe compatible with pneumonia.  Mild consolidation at the right lung base is better assessed on the same-day chest CT.  There is no pneumothorax.  Effusion on the left is difficult to exclude.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Bony structures appear intact, though old right rib cage deformities are noted. Impression: No pneumothorax.  Appropriate position of right IJ central venous catheter.  Otherwise, no change.']
['Findings: There is no evidence of intra-abdominal free air. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no focal lung consolidation. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: Single portable view of the chest is compared to previous exam earlier the same day at 2:45 p.m.  Endotracheal tube is seen with tip now 4 cm from the carina, in appropriate position.  Nasogastric tube again seen passing off the inferior field of view.  There has been progression of the bilateral parenchymal opacities concerning for pulmonary edema.  There is no visualized pneumothorax based on this supine exam.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable, noting overlying transcutaneous pacer, which obscures clear visualization.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: Endotracheal tube in appropriate position.  Progression of bilateral parenchymal opacities suggesting edema.', 'Findings: A frontal semi-upright view of the chest was obtained portably.  The endotracheal tube ends 2 cm above the carina and could be pulled back to avoid bronchial intubation.  The nasogastric tube follows the expected course, although the tip is not visualized.  There are diffuse bilateral opacities, which may be due
['Findings: The lung volumes are low.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Visualized small bowel is mildly distended.  Contrast is noted within partly visualized small bowel loops in the epigastrium.  There is no free air. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Mild small bowel distention.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are slightly reduced.  The heart size is borderline enlarged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vascularity is not engorged.  Minimal atelectasis is noted in both lung bases.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  No acute osseous abnormalities present. Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis.  No definite fracture is identified, but if there is continued clinical concern for rib fracture, then a dedicated rib series is recommended.']
['Findings:  Impression: There is a right-sided apical pigtail pleural catheter.  There remains a moderate right apical pneumothorax, stable.  There is prominent right chest wall subcutaneous emphysema which has improved slightly. There is right basilar atelectasis and possibly small pleural effusion.  The left lung is clear.', 'Findings: The patient is status post right VATS segmentectomy with chain sutures noted in the right hilar region and right upper lobe.  There is continued moderate right pleural effusion which obscures the right heart border making determination of the cardiac size difficult.  There is associated right basilar atelectasis.  Subsegmental atelectasis in the left lung base is also noted.  Left lung is hyperinflated with emphysematous changes again seen in both lungs.  Resolution of the previously noted right chest wall subcutaneous emphysema.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  There is no pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected.  Clips from prior cholecystectomy are noted in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression
['Findings: The heart is at the upper limits of normal size with a left ventricular configuration.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged including mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta.  There is a mild interstitial abnormality suggesting pulmonary vascular congestion.  Otherwise, the lungs appear clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Incompletely imaged lumbar fixation surgery has been performed.  Mild degenerative changes involve the thoracic spine.  Lower thoracic interval appears narrowed and irregular with sclerosis suggesting a site of more severe degenerative change.  Mild rightward convex curvature is centered along the mid thoracic spine.  The bones appear demineralized. Impression: Findings suggesting mild vascular congestion, without focal consolidation.', 'Findings: Portable semi-upright AP view of the chest was provided.  Patient is rotated to the right, low lung volumes limit evaluation.  There is mild bibasilar atelectasis.  No definite signs of pneumonia or CHF.  No large effusion or pneumothorax seen.  Heart size cannot be assessed.  Mediastinal contour is normal.  Bony structures
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  The lungs are clear though hyperinflated.  No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax seen.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Patient has had T AVR  Left trans subclavian right atrial and right ventricular pacer leads are continuous from the left pectoral generator, following removal of the temporary right transjugular pacing lead.  THERE IS NO PNEUMOTHORAX, PLEURAL EFFUSION, OR MEDIASTINAL WIDENING.  Heart size is normal.  Subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base is mild.  Bursal calcifications are present in the right shoulder.', 'Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated but clear without consolidation, effusion, or edema.  Mild cardiomegaly is again noted as well as tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.  Calcific densities projecting inferior to the right coracoid process are likely intra-articular bodies, unchanged.  Degenerative changes are noted at the right shoulder. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Temporary pacing wire in situ with the tip seen projecting over the right ventricle.  No right-sided pneumoth
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded with a very subtle opacity projecting over the lower thoracic spine.  The border of the left posterior diaphragm is also somewhat indistinct.  These findings together are suggestive of an early left lower lobe pneumonia.  Otherwise, the lungs are clear with no pleural effusion, masses, lesions, or pneumothorax.  The aorta is tortuous and calcified.  Wedge compression of a lower thoracic vertebra of unknown chronicity is noted. Impression: Subtle opacity suspicious for early left lower lobe pneumonia.']
['Findings: AP view of the chest.  There is persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.  Respiratory motion limits detailed evaluation of the right lung base.  The lungs are grossly clear.  Right chest wall dual lead pacing device again noted.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and osseous structures are unchanged. Impression: No definite acute cardiopulmonary process based on this limited portable exam']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Upright portable chest radiograph obtained.  No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax is seen.  Calcifications are noted in the right paratracheal region which appeared to represent vascular calcifications, less likely calcified granulomas.  Calcification is noted at the costochondral junctions.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears grossly stable.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: The lungs appear hyperexpanded.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.  Mild biapical pleural parenchymal thickening.  The size the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits.  Calcification of the aortic arch is noted. Impression: No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are normal in appearance.  Right lung is clear.  There is left mid and lower lung opacities, that in the absence of the previous studies unclear if represent chronic scar or new left lower lobe infection.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  When previous studies become available, addendum will be gladly added.']
['Findings: AP and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate bibasilar linear atelectasis.  There is slight elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with interposition of bowel underneath the hemidiaphragm.  The cardiac, hilar, and mediastinal contours are normal and there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis with otherwise clear lungs.']
['Findings: A tortuous ascending and descending thoracic aorta alter the cardiomediastinal contour. Heart size is enlarged, although stable from prior examinations. The trachea is mildly shifted towards the right, likely secondary to enlargement of the aortic arch, although patient positioning is suboptimal. Lungs are relatively hypoinflated with bibasilar atelectasis. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No definite focal pneumonia.  There are moderate degenerative changes throughout both glenohumeral joints. Impression: Hypoinflated lungs and mild cardiomegaly, with bibasilar atelectasis, but no definite pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: CONSOLIDATION IN THE RIGHT LOWER LOBE DEVELOPED BETWEEN ___ AND, COULD BE ACUTE PNEUMONIA. THIS IS UNCHANGED. LEFT LUNG IS GROSSLY CLEAR. CARDIOMEGALY IS MODERATE. PLEURAL EFFUSION IS SMALL, ON THE RIGHT, AND THE THORACIC AORTA IS GENERALLY LARGE AND TORTU
['Findings: There are streaky bibasilar opacities which are most likely due to atelectasis.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Enlarged central pulmonary arteries are again noted.  Tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta is again seen.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear.  There is enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries suggestive of underlying pulmonary arterial hypertension.  The aorta is tortuous.  The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No focal consolidation.  Enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries, suggesting the possibility of underlying pulmonary arterial hypertension.']
['Findings: There is no pneumothorax. Increase in minimal pleural thickening, effusion or hemothorax is due to multiple right-sided rib fractures from the lateral fifth through ninht ribs.  The left lung is unremarkable.  Mediastinal and cardiac contours are mildly enlarged but stable.  CONCLUSION:  1.  Mild increased in pleural thickening, pleural effusion or hemothorax is reactive to multiple right-sided rib fractures.  There is no pneumothorax.  2.  By reviewing the CT ___ ___, a left lower lobe round consolidation measuring 2 cm was described.  As said earlier, a chest CT could be done to re-assess this abnormality if not already done. Impression: ', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  Aorta is unfolded.  Mediastinum and hilar contours are otherwise normal.  The lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms, suggestive of underlying COPD.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Previously noted lingular abnormality has nearly completely resolved. A small right pleural effusion is likely present.  No new areas of focal
['Findings: An endotracheal tube is present, 6.3 cm from the carina.  An enteric tube is present with the tip in the stomach, though the side port is at the level of the gastroesophageal junction.  Since the prior exam, there is slightly increased linear opacification at the left base.  Other scattered basilar opacities are unchanged.  These most likely represent atelectasis.  There is no pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  The known left first rib fracture is better appreciated on the CT of the torso. Impression: 1.  Slight increase in left basilar atelectasis.  Otherwise, no significant change. 2.  Enteric tube with the tip in the stomach, though the side port is at the gastroesophageal junction.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged evidence of mild fluid overload, and bilateral parenchymal opacities, located at the lung bases, likely atelectatic in origin.  Moderate cardiomegaly persists. 
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: There has been interval placement of NG tube, the tip of which extends into the distal gastric antrum or proximal small bowel.  The remainder of the exam is essentially unchanged from the prior examination.  Redemonstrated are decreased lung volumes bilaterally, and large bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent atelectasis.  Stable cardiomegaly is noted.  There is an opacity once again identified overlying the right proximal clavicle, unchanged and appearance from prior examinations. Incidentally noted is a large gallstone in the right upper quadrant. Impression: Interval placement of a nasogastric tube, the tip of which extends into the small bowel.  Additional cardiopulmonary findings are stable, as described above.', 'Findings: Comparison is made to prior study from ___.  There is increased prominence of pulmonary vascular markings and interstitial markings suggestive of pulmonary edema. There is a left retrocardiac opacity which may be due to atelectasis or underlying infiltrate.  No pneumothoraces are present. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___ and ___ at 1:55 p.
['Findings: A frontal view of the chest was performed.  An ET tube is seen with its tip 4.6 cm above the carina.  An OG tube is seen with its distal port in the stomach.  A biliary stent is seen.  A left subclavian line terminates in the mid SVC.  The cardiomediastinal, pleural and pulmonary structures are unremarkable.  There is no consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen. Impression: Appropriate position of the endotracheal tube.', 'Findings: No significant change in the appearance of the Port-A catheter, heart, mediastinum or lungs.  There is no new infiltrate. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  No evidence of pneumonia.  No other pathologic findings except for bilateral mild apical thickening and an azygous lobe as a normal variant. Impression: ', 'Findings: Port-A-Cath terminates in the upper SVC as on the prior study.  Previously noted focal opacity just lateral to the access port is different in
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Heart is normal size and cardiomediastinal contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is a new elevation of the right hemidiaphragm as well as a subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung bases.  Currently no evidence of pneumonia.  No pulmonary edema.  No larger pleural effusions. The size of the cardiac silhouette is normal.  No pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: Lungs are fully expanded and clear. No pleural abnormalities. Heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal.  Incidental note is made of a gastric band and associated tubing and surgical clips in the upper abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  A lap band catheter is partially visualized.  Surgical clips seen in the right upper quadrant from prior cholecystectomy.  Osseous structures unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Gastric band is noted as well surgical clips in the right upper quadrant. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  Pleural
['Findings: Sternotomy wires are demonstrated.  Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Low lung volumes injury the cardiac silhouette and bronchovascular structures. With this limitation in mind, heart size is normal. Aorta is mildly tortuous. Lungs and pleural surfaces are essentially clear. Impression: Limited chest radiograph demonstrating no acute cardiopulmonary radiographic abnormality. If symptoms persist, repeat radiograph with improved inspiratory level may be helpful for more complete assessment.']
['Findings: 2 views are obtained of the chest.  The lungs are well expanded and clear without pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size with normal mediastinal contours. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: The patient is status post sternotomy.  A three-lead pacemaker/ICD device is in place with leads terminating in the right atrium, right ventricle and coronary sinus, respectively.  The main pulmonary artery contour is mild-to-moderately enlarged.  Calcifications are noted along the aortic arch.  Moderate relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is present.  There are streaky linear opacities in the left lower lobe, which are not entirely specific, but could be seen with atelectasis.  Patchy medial right basilar opacity in association with elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is suggestive of atelectasis.  A few probably colonic air-fluid levels are noted in the upper abdomen.  BONE WINDOWS:  The bones appear demineralized.  Mild-to-moderate degenerative changes are noted along the thoracic spine. Impression: 1.  Patchy bibasilar opacities, probably compatible with atelectasis, although pneumonia is difficult to entirely exclude.  The findings are not very typical of aspiration pneumonia.  2.  Nonspecific air-fluid
['Findings: Small right pleural effusion persists, stable to possibly minimally larger compared to the prior study.  The left lung is clear.  There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: Persistent small right pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change.  Minimal right pleural effusion, better appreciated on the lateral radiograph.  .  Borderline size of the heart.  Mild elongation of the descending aorta.  No evidence of pneumonia.  No pulmonary edema.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours.', 'Findings: Heart is normal size and cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Lungs are clear.  Blunting of the right costophrenic angle as a result of chronic pleural thickening is unchanged.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar contours.  Lungs are clear.  Skin ___ project over the right lateral chest wall and left hemithorax
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  Mild dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine noted.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Lung volumes are lower today than on ___, but atelectasis has not progressed and pulmonary vascular congestion has not worsened.  Mediastinal widening is due to borderline enlargement of aorta and pulmonary arteries, not bleeding.  Heart is mildly enlarged.  Pleural effusion if any is not significant. No pneumothorax. Right upper rib pigtail pleural drainage catheter in place.  ET tube and nasogastric tube in standard placements.  Multiple bilateral rib fractures noted.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen.  The monitoring and support devices are in constant position.  Low lung volumes persist. Mild pulmonary edema. Moderate cardiomegaly. Retrocardiac atelectasis. Minimal left pleural effusion.  No new focal parenchymal changes.', 'Findings:  Impression: No substantial change in the position of tubes and lines is demonstrated. No interval increase in pneumothorax is seen. There is substantial interval decrease in subcutaneous air collection within the right chest wall', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph,
['Findings: Bilateral pleural effusions, new.  Bibasilar atelectasis, new.  Surgical clip projected over lower chest.  Increased heart size, central pulmonary vascularity, similar.  2 chronic right rib fractures. Impression: New pleural effusions. Bibasilar opacities, likely atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison to ___ chest radiograph, cardiomegaly is unchanged.  Mitraclip is visualized in the region of the mitral valve.  There is no evidence of pulmonary edema.  Nonspecific left retrocardiac opacity most likely represents atelectasis.']
['Findings: Compared to prior, there is increased mild bilateral lower lobe opacities, likely due to atelectasis.  Small bilateral pleural effusion is likely. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unchanged.  There is no significant pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax is seen. Impression: Increased mild bilateral lower lobe atelectasis with small pleural effusion.', 'Findings: A catheter projecting over the stomach appears in unchanged position.  Lung volumes are low and there is mild atelectasis at the lung bases bilaterally.  No convincing signs of pneumonia, large effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is difficult to accurately assess in the setting of low lung volumes, though appears grossly unremarkable.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis.  No convincing evidence for pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___.  Lung volumes are mildly reduced, reflected in mild infrahilar atelectasis.  The upper lungs are clear.  The heart is normal size.  There is no pleural abnormality.  Mild widening of the mediastinum at the thoracic inlet
['Findings: There has been no significant interval change since the prior study.  No evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  Slight blunting of the left costophrenic angle is stable.  No focal consolidation or large pleural effusion is seen.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  No displaced fracture is identified. Impression: No significant interval change.', 'Findings: There is mild hyperexpansion of the lungs and flattening of the diaphragms compatible with COPD.  There is suggestion of mild emphysematous changes.  The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  There are no acute infiltrates or pleural effusions.  There is no apical pneumothorax present.  The skeletal structures are well preserved. Impression: Mild hyperexpansion and suggestion of emphysematous changes compatible with COPD.  There is no evidence of acute infiltrate or pneumothorax.  The above results were communicated via telephone by Dr. ___ to Dr. ___ ___ at 2:55 p.m. on ___ as requested.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities are present. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   There is a left upper lobe opacity which is concerning for pneumonia.  No large effusion or pneumothorax. No signs of congestion or edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Left upper lobe pneumonia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded.  A right lower lobe opacity projects over the spine leading to a "spine sign."  The opacity is less clearly seen on the frontal projection.  The right heart border is sharp.  There is no additional consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: Right lower lobe opacity, only evident on the lateral view may represent pneumonia.  If there is clinical doubt of infection, a repeat radiograph may be obtained with better respiratory effort.  Discussed with Dr ___ ___ phone at ___.']
['Findings: Tip of the NG tube cannot be seen below the upper SVC level.  Cardiac size is normal.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: Tip of the NG tube cannot be seen below the upper SVC level.  After discussion with primary team and with the tech, additional view extending from the level of the carina and below using abdominal technique was suggested.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with Dr.  ___, ___D. by ___ ___, ___D. on the telephone on ___ at 3:___ PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Chest CT is more sensitive in detecting subtle pulmonary lesions.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal. Mediastinum is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.']
['Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Mild atherosclerotic calcifications are noted at the aortic knob.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Streaky atelectasis is seen in the left lower lobe.  Right lung is clear.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected.  There are mild to moderate multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are slightly reduced.  Heart size remains mildly enlarged.  The aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified.  Crowding of bronchovascular structures is likely due to the presence of low lung volumes.  Increased patchy opacities are noted within the lung bases, more so on the right.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are moderate degenerative changes noted throughout the imaged thoracolumbar spine.  Cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen.  The osseous structures are diffusely demineralized
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  Lung volumes are low.  The lungs appear clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.  Low lung volumes.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The patient is status post left upper lobectomy with associated left lung volume loss and shift of the mediastinum to the left.  Blunting of the left costophrenic angle including posteriorly suggests a small pleural effusion.  There is also slight blunting of the right costophrenic angle suggests trace pleural fluid.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are grossly stable. Impression: Small bilateral pleural effusions appear increased compared to prior.  Left upper lobectomy changes including left lung volume loss.', 'Findings: Indwelling support and monitoring devices are similar in position to the prior study except for slight repositioning of the Swan-Ganz catheter, now terminating in the region of the main pulmonary artery.  Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance in the postoperative period, allowing for differences in lung volumes.  Interval decrease in extent of pulmonary edema, and probable slight decrease in size of a moderate layering left pleural effusion with associated improving aeration in the left lower lobe. Imp
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the cardio mediastinal silhouette is stable.  There is increasing prominence of opacification bilaterally, consistent with elevated pulmonary venous pressure and layering effusions with compressive basilar atelectasis. However, in the appropriate clinical setting superimposed pneumonia would certainly have to be seriously considered. Monitoring and support devices are essentially unchanged.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices are essentially unchanged. Again there are bibasilar opacifications consistent with layering effusions and compressive atelectasis at the bases. In there is evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion, though the cardiac silhouette remains within normal limits.  Postsurgical changes are again seen on the right. In the appropriate clinical setting, superimposed pneumonia would have to be considered, especially at the right base.', 'Findings: Portable AP upright chest film ___ at 13:33 is submitted. Impression: Endotracheal tube continues to have its tip approximately 3 cm above the carina. The nasogastric tube is seen coursing below the diaphragm with the tip not identified.  A left internal jugular central line
['Findings: Lung volumes are low leading to crowding of the bronchovascular structures.  There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No radiographic evidence for pneumonia.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the current image shows no evidence of acute lung disease.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  No larger pleural effusions.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lung volumes are low, resulting in crowding of the bronchovascular structures. Patchy opacity at the left lung base, best appreciated on the lateral view, is presumably atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart is mildly enlarged and unchanged. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema. The aorta is calcified and tortuous, which results in rightward bowing of the trachea. Otherwise, the mediastinal and hilar structures are unremarkable. Severe degenerative changes involve the glenohumeral joints bilaterally. Impression: Low lung volumes without an acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Chest radiograph demonstrates clear lungs bilaterally. Heart is enlarged though stable when compared to prior study. There is no evidence of overt pulmonary edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The aorta is calcified and tortuous resulting in rightward bowing of the trachea.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable. Degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine noted. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.', 'Find
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, effusion or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic arch.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified.  There is an accentuated kyphosis of the spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Bones and the upper abdomen are grossly unremarkable. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: AP portable SEMI upright view of the chest.   Patient is slightly leftward rotated.  Mild lower lung atelectasis is noted.  No evidence of pneumonia or edema.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Please note CP angles are partially excluded.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable.  Previously noted skin ___ of been removed. Impression: Mild atelectasis the lower lungs.  Otherwise unremarkable.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  The patient has been extubated.  Right basal consolidation is noted.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.', 'Findings: ET tube tip lies approximately 5.4 cm above the carina.  There are low inspiratory volumes, with mild prominence the cardiomediastinal silhouette.  There is increased retrocardiac density, consistent with left lower lobe collapse and/or consolidation.  There is minimal atelectasis at the right base medially.  No gross effusion, though small left effusion would be difficult to exclude.  Mild vascular plethora, without other evidence of CHF.  This appearance is also likely accent
['Findings: Stable appearance of cardiac and mediastinal silhouette with post-median sternotomy changes.  There is no consolidation within the lungs.  No evidence of congestive failure.  Stable appearance of the visualized bony thorax. Impression: Stable exam without evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: Bilateral lower lung plate-like atelectasis is minimally increased on the right from the prior exam. The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax.  Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette and post-median sternotomy changes.  Stable eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study ___ ___, there are lower lung volumes.  Streaks of atelectasis are seen at both bases, without evidence of acute pneumonia or vascular congestion.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were performed.  The lungs are hyperexpanded.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation. Atelectasis is
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___.  Pulmonary vascular congestion which developed between ___ and ___ persists.  Very mild interstitial pulmonary edema has improved, but small right pleural effusion has accumulated.  The absence of the vasculature in the right upper lobe is usually an indication of emphysema.  Heart size is normal.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  In the interval, the patient has developed mild to moderate predominantly interstitial pulmonary edema.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia.', 'Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal.  Minimal atherosclerotic calcifications are present at the aortic knob.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Mild degenerative changes are seen in the lower thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: to Dr ___  by telephone on ___ at 8:12 AM, 1 minutes after discovery of the findings. Impression: Right PIC line ends at just outside the chest at the level of the right first rib.  It is no less than 15 cm from the estimated location of the superior cavoatrial junction.  Heart size has returned to normal since ___.  Left pulmonary artery is severely enlarged, unchanged since at least ___.  Patient has a history of surgically corrected, congenital heart disease which could explain the finding, particularly the patient has or had pulmonic stenosis.  Prior chest radiographs should be obtained to make sure this is not an acute development related to endocarditis.   NOTIFICATION:  Dr. ___ reported the findings to Dr ___  by telephone on ___ at 8:12 AM, 1 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings:  Impression: Left PICC line tip is at the level of superior SVC.  Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Prominence of the left pulmonary artery is demonstrated, as previously mentioned, most likely representing evidence of pulmonary valve stenosis as demonstrated on the CT from ___ where evidence of the pulmonary valve surgery is
['Findings: Semi-upright portable AP view of the chest was provided.  The endotracheal tube is seen with its tip residing approximately 5.9 cm above the carina.  The NG tube courses into the left upper abdomen.  Layering bilateral pleural effusions are noted with lower lobe consolidation, likely atelectasis, though cannot exclude pneumonia/aspiration.  The upper lungs appear well aerated.  Heart size is difficult to assess.  The mediastinal contour is unremarkable.  There is a deformity of the left distal clavicle, which is incompletely characterized. Impression: Tubes positioned appropriately.  Bilateral effusions with lower lobe atelectasis, cannot exclude pneumonia or aspiration.  Left distal clavicular deformity.  Recommend dedicated views of the left shoulder to further assess.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  There is a trace right pleural effusion or scarring, decreased from prior study.  No left pleural effusion.  No focal consolidations.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  No pneumothorax. Impression: No focal consolidations identified.  There is a
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Persistent cardiomegaly accompanied by worsening pulmonary vascular congestion and moderate pulmonary edema.  Patchy bibasilar opacities may reflect dependent edema, but aspiration and developing infectious pneumonia are also possible in the appropriate clinical setting.  Short-term followup radiographs may be helpful in this regard. Impression: ', 'Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion with perihilar haziness.  Patchy opacities in the lung bases likely reflect atelectasis.  Infection is not completely excluded.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  No acute osseous abnormality seen. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Patchy bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect atelectasis though infection is difficult to exclude in the correct clinical setting.', 'Findings:  Impression: The heart remains enlarged which may reflect cardiomegaly or pericardial effusion.  There is persistent mild pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax appreciated.  Patchy bibasilar opacity is likely related to the pulmonary edema
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided demonstrating no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings: There is moderate cardiomegaly. Pacer leads are in standard position with tips in the right atrium and right ventricle. There is no evident pneumothorax. Bilateral effusions are small. There are bibasilar atelectasis and low lung volumes. There is probably a hiatal hernia. There is no pulmonary edema Impression: No pneumothorax']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  Heart size mediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are clear there is no pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or consolidation.  No displaced rib fractures appreciated. Impression: Low lung volumes. No displaced rib fracture.', 'Findings: Mild dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine is present.  Lung volumes are normal.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Heart size normal. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There are clips seen in the right anterior chest wall.  The osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  These findings were communicated with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ ___ telephone at 10:15am.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Endotracheal tube is no less than 5 cm from the carina, terminating at the thoracic inlet.  Previous asymmetric pulmonary edema and left upper lobe atelectasis have improved, but moderate cardiomegaly and severe vascular widening of the mediastinum have not.  Right jugular line ends close to the superior cavoatrial junction and a nasogastric tube passes into the stomach and out of view.  Pleural effusions are small, if any.  No pneumothorax.  Consolidation in the infrahilar left lower lobe is probably atelectasis since it was more pronounced on ___, and there was more ipsilateral mediastinal shift, since resolved.', 'Findings: are a combination of enlarge pulmonary arteries and probably adenopathy .  Left lower lobe opacity is a combination of pleural effusion and consolidation.  There are low lung volumes.  There is no pneumothorax.  There is moderate cardiomegaly.  There is mild vascular congestion. There is mild atelectasis in the left upper lobe. Impression:
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ radiograph, cardiomegaly and tortuosity of the thoracic aorta are stable along with symmetrical narrowing of the proximal thoracic trachea from a known goiter. Bilateral reticular interstitial opacities are less severe than on the prior radiograph and likely represent interstitial edema in the setting of clinical signs of CHF. Short-term followup radiographs after diuresis would be helpful to document resolution and to exclude a more chronic interstitial abnormality.  A right superior mediastinal mass is also a persistent finding and has been more fully evaluated on older CT. Followup chest CT would be helpful to confirm stability and to exclude a slowly growing mass in this region.  NOTIFICATION:  The impression and recommendation above was entered by Dr. ___ on ___ at 10:46 into the Department of Radiology critical communications system for direct communication to the referring provider.', 'Findings: Again noted is mild-to-moderate interstitial edema.  The lungs are clear.  There is moderate cardiomegaly.  Unchanged widening of the upper mediastinum presumably caused by retrosternal goiter.
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  The left basal pigtail drainage catheter has probably been removed.  Nevertheless, there has been some improvement in generalized atelectasis of the left lung following the major pleural drainage on ___.  Cardiac silhouette remains very large and mediastinal venous engorgement suggests elevated central venous volume or pressure.  Pericardial effusion was small on ___ but needs to be monitored.  The large left upper lobe mass is unchanged.  There is no pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Known left upper lobe mass.  In addition, the known pre-existing left pleural effusion has increased in size.  Only a small area of lung volume remains ventilated in the left lung.  The right lung shows minimal fluid overload.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  No right pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, a pigtail catheter was inserted into the left pleural space.  A part of the pre-existing left pleural effusion has completely resolved.  The left upper lobe mass is now better seen than on
['Findings:  Impression: . LUNGS ARE ESSENTIALLY CLEAR. ET TUBE IS IN STANDARD PLACEMENT. NASOGASTRIC DRAINAGE TUBE PASSES INTO THE STOMACH AND OUT OF VIEW. ESOPHAGEAL PROBE ENDS IN THE LOWER ESOPHAGUS. NORMAL CARDIOMEDIASTINAL SILHOUETTE. NO PNEUMOTHORAX OR PLEURAL EFFUSION. 3 SEPARATE SURGICAL PER MARKERS ARE INCLUDED IN THE RIGHT UPPER ABDOMINAL QUADRANT.', 'Findings:  Impression: Following extubation, lung volumes are relatively unchanged overall but greater opacification in the lower lobes could be atelectasis or pneumonia, and some coalescence of new mild pulmonary edema. Moderate right pleural effusion is probably larger. A drainage tube in the right diaphragmatic region cannot be localized ; it could be pleural. Moderate cardiomegaly is increased. No pneumothorax. .', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little interval change. Monitoring and support devices
['Findings: Since the prior CXR performed yesterday afternoon, one of the left chest tubes has been removed and there is now one remaining. Worsening opacification of the left hemithorax that partially spares the left apex, likely from a moderate/severe pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis.  There is also right lung base atelectasis. No pneumothorax.  The pneumopericardium has resolved.  However, the cardiac silhouette is noticeably larger than yesterday; this may be due to rightward mediastinal shift from the left pleural effusion, or worsening pericardial effusion. Unchanged appearance of subcutaneous emphysema in the left lateral chest wall. Surgical clips are noted in the left upper quadrant. Impression: 1. Interval removal of 1 of 2 left chest tubes.  Worsening opacification of left hemithorax, likely due to moderate/severe pleural effusion with atelectasis. 2. Pneumopericardium resolved. 3.  Enlarging cardiac silhouette, which may be due to the left pleural effusion or re-accumulating pericardial effusion.  Recommend obtaining e
['Findings:  Impression: Cardiac size is top normal, accentuated by low lung volumes. ET tube is in standard position. NG tube tip is in the stomach. There is crowding of the bronchovascular structures.  opacities in the lower lobes left greater than right could be atelectasis and or aspiration. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Partially visualized oral contrast from prior CT within the abdomen.', 'Findings: were discussed by Dr. ___ with ___ on the telephone on ___ at 10:00 AM, 40 minutes after discovery of the findings. Impression: Cardiac size is top-normal accentuated by the low lung volumes. Worsening bibasilar opacities larger on the left side are worrisome for aspiration. Opacities in the upper lungs right greater than left have nodular appearance. These could be part of aspiration but septic embolism is not excluded given the nodular appearance, CT is advised. There is no pneumothorax. If any there is a small left effusion. NG tube tip is in the stomach, the side port is probably at the GE junction and should be advanced for more standard position  NOTIFICATION:
['Findings: The heart size is within normal limits, though slightly increased in size compared to the prior study.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged, and within normal limits.  The pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  Prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature is similar to prior examination.  Lungs are clear.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Mild central pulmonary vascular engorgement is similar to prior examination.', 'Findings: Subtle posterior left lower lobe equivocal opacity in the lateral view with no correlate on the AP view may be due to atelectasis, though an early infectious process is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable. Impression: ', '
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  No displaced rib fractures are detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest reveal a subtle right infrahilar opacity with air bronchograms.  The lungs are otherwise clear lungs and the hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Impression: Findings concerning for early/focal right infrahilar pneumonia.  Change from negative preliminary interpretation was communicated to Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ ___ telephone on ___ at 07:50, 15 minutes after attending review.', 'Findings: In comparison to the chest radiographs obtained ___, there is been interval resolution of a mid right lung consolidation.  Lungs are fully expanded and clear without consolidations or suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural abnormalities. Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal. Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia or other significant cardiopulmonary abnormalities.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the telephone on ___ at 3:07 PM, approximately 60 minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities are present. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The imaged bony structures are intact.  No free air is seen below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is seen.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  No free air is detected under the diaphragm. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is enlarged, unchanged over short term interval. Mediastinum is stable. Lungs are hyperinflated but essentially clear with no evidence of discrete mass. No evidence of infection was noted.']
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Central pulmonary edema on the prior exam is markedly improved with mild residual pulmonary vascular congestion.  No oval pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax or focal consolidation.  The heart remains mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal contours are unchanged.  No acute osseous abnormality.  Multi-level degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are unchanged.  There is trace amount of fluid in the major fissure, best appreciated on the lateral view. Impression: 1.  Essential complete resolution in moderate central pulmonary edema since ___ with residual trace fluid in the major fissure.  .  2.  No focal pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates clear lungs bilaterally.  Lungs appear hyperinflated with flattening of hemidiaphragms, suggestive of emphysematous changes. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No findings convincing for pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinum is normal.  Lungs are essentially
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs are well-expanded and clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest, with no prior chest radiographs.  Right apical pneumothorax is small.  There is no left pneumothorax or pleural effusion on either side.  Bilateral pleural drains in place.  Right supraclavicular infusion port ends in the right atrium.  Heart size top normal.  Lungs grossly clear.', 'Findings: A Port-A-Cath terminates at the cavoatrial junction.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  There are streaky left mid and lower lung opacities, suggesting minor atelectasis or scarring which are unchanged.  Otherwise, the lungs appear clear.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Small layering left pleural effusion separate from a small lateral loculated hydropneumothorax not changed appreciably overnight.  Left basilar atelectasis is mild and stable.  Small right pleural effusion is also unchanged.  Infusion port ends low in the SVC or upper right atrium,
['Findings: Patchy right base opacity could be due to overlap of structures versus small consolidation.  No pleural effusion is seen.  There is no pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is enlarged, with apparent enlargement of the left atrium.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  Mediastinal contours unremarkable. Impression: Enlarged cardiac silhouette.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  Patchy right base opacity could relate to overlap of structures although consolidation due to pneumonia is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  Dual-lead pacer is unchanged.  Midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are again seen.  Cardiomegaly is again noted with bilateral pleural effusions, increased on the right.  Pulmonary edema persists.  No pneumothorax.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Pulmonary edema with bilateral pleural effusion and cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: Single frontal view of the chest was obtained.  There has been interval placement of a dual-lead left-sided pacer device with leads extending to the expected positions of the right atrium and right ventricle.  The cardiac silhouette is moderate to severely enlarged.  There is mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema and bibasilar opacities.  Left base retrocardiac opacity may be due to combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis.  Patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  No pneumothorax is seen. Impression: Enlarged cardiac silhouette with mild-to-moderate pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar opacities.  Bibasilar opacities could
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: There is minimal left base atelectasis.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Hilar contours are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, all previous monitoring and support devices have been removed.  In exchange, the patient has received a double-lumen dialysis catheter over a right-sided approach.  The tip of the catheter projects over the right atrium.  Status post sternotomy.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  Mild pulmonary edema and retrocardiac atelectasis.  No evidence of pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: were discussed with Dr. ___ by phone on ___ at 2:30 p.m. at the time of the discovery of the findings. Impression: ', 'Findings: Mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema is unchanged with probable bilateral mild-to-moderate pleural effusion.  Left lower lobe consolidation is unchanged since ___, mostly explained by atelectasis; however, a superimposed infection cannot be excluded.  Patient had prior sternotomy for CABG with moderate cardiomegaly.  Right dialysis catheter ends in right atrium.  There is no pneumothorax.  CONCLUSION:  1.  Mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema is unchanged. 2.  Left lower lobe consolidation is unchanged since
['Findings: Linear right basilar opacity is most likely atelectasis versus scarring.  The lungs are otherwise clear without consolidation or effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Radiopaque densities projecting over left upper quadrant over the gastric bubble.  No displaced fractures identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Unremarkable chest radiographic examination.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are well-expanded.  There is no focal consolidation or effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous structures demonstrate no acute abnormality. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Osseous structures are grossly intact. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Diffuse alveolar opacities which may reflect edema, multifocal pneumonia, or hemorrhage in the appropriate clinical setting. 2.  Probable moderate left pleural effusion.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Lungs are clear, the cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiothoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: COMPARED TO CHEST RADIOGRAPHS ___.  Previous mild to moderate pulmonary edema has cleared.  Bibasilar atelectasis, mild on the right, moderate on the left is new, accompanied by small pleural effusions, left greater than right.  Mild cardiomegaly unchanged.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Right middle lobe ill-defined opacity compatible with known carcinoid pulmonary metastasis.  No new areas of focal consolidation or mass lesions identified. 2.  Rightward deviation of the upper trachea due to known left sided thyroid nodule.']
['Findings: Low lung volumes persist.  There is stable blunting of the right costophrenic angle on the frontal view without large pleural effusion seen on the lateral view.  Slight prominence of the hila is stable which may relate to low lung volumes although vascular congestion may be present.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal, likely exaggerated by low lung volumes.  No definite focal consolidation.  Minor mid lung atelectasis is noted. Impression: Low lung volumes.  Stable mild hilar prominence may relate to low lung volumes or possibly mild vascular congestion.  Stable slight blunting of the right costophrenic angle on the frontal view without evidence of large pleural effusion on the lateral view.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low. This accentuates the size of the cardiac silhouette which is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours unchanged with the aorta appearing unfolded. There is crowding of the bronchovascular structures with peribronchial cuffing, mild pulmonary vascular congestion, and increased hazy opacity within the right lung, likely due to worsening asymmetric mild pulmonary edema. Mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is unchanged. No pleural eff
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: COMPARED TO CHEST RADIOGRAPHS SINCE ___ MOST RECENTLY ___.  OPACIFICATION AT THE BASE OF THE LEFT LUNG IS ATTRIBUTABLE TO ATELECTASIS PERHAPS SMALL PLEURAL EFFUSION.  MILD INCREASE IN CALIBER AND RADIODENSITY OF THE RIGHT PULMONARY ARTERY IS A NONSPECIFIC FINDING, BUT IT CAN BE SEEN WITH ACUTE PULMONARY EMBOLUS.  CLINICAL CORRELATION ADVISED.  NO PULMONARY EDEMA.  HEART SIZE NORMAL.  RIGHT CENTRAL VENOUS INFUSION CATHETER ENDS IN THE LOW SVC.  NO PNEUMOTHORAX.', 'Findings: The right chest wall Port-A-Cath is present, the tip extending to the superior cavoatrial junction.  Low bilateral lung volumes with a new left pleural effusion and overlying atelectasis/consolidation.  A small right pleural effusion is also noted.  No pneumothorax identified.  No
['Findings: There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or frank pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Heart size is top normal. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  On the lateral view, there is very minimal blunting of the posterior left costophrenic angle, which may be due to deep inspiration, pleural thickening versus a trace pleural effusion.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  Lungs are clear.  Costophrenic angles are sharp.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Note is made of hypoplastic first ribs. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are fully expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal. Pleural surfaces are normal.  2 metallic objects are is seen projecting over the right chest wall and mid abdomen most likely embedded bullets. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No relevant change as compared to the previous image.  The lung volumes are normal.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions.  Left pectoral pacemaker in situ.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Right internal jugular vascular catheter terminates in the lower superior vena cava, with no visible pneumothorax.  Widening of right mediastinal contour, may be due to lymphadenopathy or tortuous vascular structures.  Heart is upper limits of normal in size, and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits, except for attenuation of upper lobe vessels, the latter suggesting the possibility of emphysema.  There are no focal areas of consolidation or substantial pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings: There has been interval removal of a right IJ catheter. Right peritracheal mediastinal widening is again seen, stable, and may relate to underlying lymphadenopathy. Cardiac silhouette remains top-normal to mildly enlarged. There is increased interstitial markings bilaterally suggesting interstitial pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax
['Findings: There is a new left subclavian Port-A-Cath with the catheter tip in the right atrium.  There is no pneumothorax.  Previously visualized multiple pulmonary nodules concerning for metastatic disease are better evaluated on recent chest CT from ___.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette remains stable.  Osseous structures remain stable. Impression: Left-sided Port-A-Cath with the tip in the right atrium at 2-3 cm below the cavo-atrial junction.   Findings discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ ___ via telephone at 2:10 pm on ___.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Interval decrease in lung volumes with the appearance of patchy bibasilar opacities, which may reflect patchy atelectasis in the setting of low lung volumes, although early bibasilar pneumonia or aspiration cannot be entirely excluded.  Clinical correlation is advised.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax.  Calcification of the aorta consistent with atherosclerosis.  A portion of a catheter is seen overlying the right mid abdomen of uncertain significance.', '
['Findings: The lungs are clear of consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. There is an 8mm nodular opacity projecting over the right mid lung and the anterior right third and posterior right sixth ribs. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Focal nodular opacity projecting over the right mid lung and rights ribs. Repeat exam with shallow obliques suggested to further assess.']
['Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes are appropriate. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No acute osseous abnormality is detected.  Hypertrophic changes of the spine are noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Thoracic scoliosis is noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: This exam is somewhat limited due to patient body habitus. A right IJ central line terminates in the lower SVC. A presumed pacer projects over the left heart border.  Lung volumes are somewhat low, somewhat limiting evaluation. There is hilar congestion, unchanged from prior exam.  The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: Right IJ central line terminates in the lower SVC. No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No significant change from prior.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are slightly low.  The lungs are clear.  The heart is top normal in size.  There are no pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax is seen.  The esophagus is air-filled and dilated at the level of the thoracic inlet.  There is a spinal stimulator device projecting along the posterior aspect of the thoracic spine.  Cholecystectomy clips are noted. Impression: No radiographic evidence of an acute cardiac or pulmonary process, although this examination neither suggests nor excludes the diagnosis of pulmonary embolism.', 'Find
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are stable.  Lungs are clear but hyperinflated with increased AP diameter of the chest and flattened hemidiaphragms.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Left lateral rib deformities are chronic and similar to prior. Impression: Lung hyperinflation, suggestive of COPD.  No focal consolidation.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Mild bilateral apical pleural thickening is noted.  The lungs are overinflated with flattened hemidiaphragms, compatible with COPD. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  The upper abdomen is unremarkable in appearance.  Degenerative changes are seen in the mid thoracic spine. Irregularity of several left lower lateral ribs is likely due to prior fracture. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: There is an opacity in the anterior segment of the right upper lobe with mild elevation of the minor fissure.  No pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is detected.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: Right upper lobe consolidation, concerning for pneumonia.  Given mild elevation of the minor fissure, one month follow up chest radiograph is recommended to ensure resolution.    Preliminary findings were discussed with Dr. ___ by phone by Dr. ___ at 3:19 a.m. on ___.  Additional recommendation per radiology attending was e-mailed to the ED QA nurses at 9:08 a.m. on ___.']
['Findings: Normal lung volumes.  Mildly enlarged size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema or other lung parenchymal changes.  No pneumonia, no pleural effusions.  No hilar or mediastinal abnormalities.  In particular, the right upper lobe appears unremarkable. Impression: ']
['Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged. The aorta is tortuous. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion without focal consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax, but the right costophrenic angle is excluded from the field of view.  Percutaneous gastrostomy catheter is seen in the upper abdomen. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.', 'Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is mildly enlarged.  The aorta remains tortuous.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Lungs are hyperinflated without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No acute osseous abnormality is visualized. Impression: No evidence of congestive heart failure.']
['Findings: Lungs are clear.  There is no consolidation, edema, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable.  Some degenerative changes are seen along the spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: were communicated via telephone by Dr. ___ to Dr. ___ at ___ on ___, approximately 1 hour after discovery.                                                                        ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT INDICATION:  Evaluate for pneumonia in a patient with malaise.  COMPARISON:  None.  FINDINGS:   Portable frontal chest radiographs demonstrate cardiomegaly, with right atrial enlargement.  Retrocardiac opacity is compatible with left lower lobe pneumonia.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:  These findings were emailed to the ED ___ nurses by Dr. ___ at ___ on ___.'
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.', 'Findings: No previous images.  No evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ']
['Findings: No previous images.  Mild atelectatic changes at the bases, though no evidence of acute pneumonia or vascular congestion. Impression: ']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low which along with AP technique exaggerates the cardiac silhouette which remains normal in size.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Bronchovascular crowding is attributable to low lung volumes without definite vascular congestion or interstitial edema.  There is no focal consolidation suggestive of pneumonia.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax.  Extensive thoracolumbar fixation hardware is incompletely imaged. Impression: Low lung volumes without focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Right PICC terminates in the mid SVC.  Low lung volumes persist.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study ___ ___, the right subclavian PICC line again extends well into the neck. There are substantially lower lung volumes, but otherwise little change.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Lung volumes are low.  There are patchy bibasilar opacities suggestive of atelectasis.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stably enlarged.  Crowding of the perihilar vasculature is seen in the setting of low lung volumes
['Findings: There is persistent bibasilar opacification, left greater than the right, not changed from ___.  There is probably small right pleural effusion. Mildly enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is improved. Tracheostomy tube is not well visualized but appear grossly unchanged in position. Impression: Persistent bibasilar opacification, left greater than right, consistent with bibasilar atelectasis.  Mild pulmonary vessel congestion is improved.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen.  Right PICC line, right internal jugular vein catheter and tracheostomy tube are in unchanged position.  Unchanged small bilateral pleural effusions with subsequent areas of atelectasis.  Moderate cardiomegaly persists. No new focal parenchymal opacity. No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the monitoring and support devices are essentially unchanged. Obliquity of the patient makes it somewhat difficult to assess the heart and lungs. Nevertheless, there appears to be enlargement of the cardiac silhouette
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart size is within normal limits.  The mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  The known aneurysm appears radiographically occult.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion or pulmonary edema is seen. Bilateral nipple shadows appear unchanged.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Impression: No radiographic evidence of acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal size. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Normal chest radiographic examination.']
['Findings: The heart is at the upper limits of normal size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable aside from vague fullness of the right superior mediastinum which probably reflects a known right suprahilar nodule.  Throughout each lung, multiple nodules of medium size are noted that are consistent with known metastatic disease.  Streaky left basilar opacity suggests minor atelectasis in the lingula.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Multiple nodules suggesting metastatic disease, difficult to compare directly to the prior study, but compatible with prior findings.']
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images.  The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no vascular congestion or pleural effusion.  Residual opacifications are seen at the right base.  These could reflect resolving pneumonia, though there are no previous images for comparison.']
["Findings: , evaluate further.  FINDINGS:  PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  Analysis is performed in direct comparison with the next preceding similar study of ___.  Heart size, thoracic aorta and mediastinal structures are unchanged.  Pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  No new acute infiltrates identified.  Comparison with the preceding study again demonstrates again the previously identified hazy density in the mid lung field on the right side, projecting over the posterior portion of the right-sided eighth rib on the frontal view.  This density is difficult to identify on the lateral view conclusively.  No other new abnormalities can be identified on the PA and lateral chest examination.  Review is extended to the next preceding chest examination of ___ and it is noted that no suspicious density could be identified at that time. Impression: The subtle right-sided density has not undergone any significant interval change since the next preceding study of ___.  Considering patient's age and history, evaluation with CT is recommended.", 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation or edema.  There is a small left pleural effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Small left pleural effusion.  Otherwise unremarkable chest x-ray.', 'Findings: Portable upright chest radiograph ___ at 11:25 Impression: There are likely tiny bilateral pleural effusions.  Lung volumes remain diminished and there are patchy bibasilar opacities favoring atelectasis, although an early pneumonia cannot be entirely excluded.  Clinical correlation is recommended.  No pneumothorax or pulmonary edema.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views the chest.  Lung volumes are low.  There is a tiny left pleural effusion with minimal left basal atelectasis.  Otherwise lungs are clear.  No large effusion or pneumothorax The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: Mild left basal atelectasis with small left
['Findings: Portable semi-upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature.  There are mild bibasilar opacities likely atelectasis.  No definite pneumothorax or pleural effusion is identified. Impression: No definitive pneumothorax.  Bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: There has been interval removal of the left PICC.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is a small amount of bibasilar atelectasis.  Elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is unchanged.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal silhouette is normal with mild aortic knob calcifications. Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Cervical spinal hardware is incompletely evaluated on this study. Impression: No pneumonia, edema or effusion.', 'Findings: An endotracheal tube is in place, approximately 6.6 cm from the carina.  A feeding tube is seen with the tip and side port within the stomach.  There is a subtle 1 mm new soft tissue contour adjacent to the calcification of the aortic knob which was not present on the prior radiograph, and is likely due to patient positioning.  Otherwise, the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  New mild hazy opacity at the left base is present, which likely represents atelectasis.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression:
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are clear. Costophrenic angles are sharp.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Shallow inspiration accentuates heart size.  Normal pulmonary vascularity.  Minimal basilar atelectasis.  No pneumothorax.  No definite consolidations. Impression: Shallow inspiration.  Minimal bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: Allowing for overlying soft tissues and low inspiratory volumes, heart size is at the upper limits of normal or slightly enlarged, with slight left ventricular configuration.  Doubt CHF.  Patchy opacity is noted at both bases medially --  this could represent atelectasis, but the differential includes early pneumonic infiltrates or early areas of aspiration.  These are very slightly more pronounced than on the prior radiographs.  Elsewhere, no focal infiltrates.  No gross effusion. Impression: As above.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions.  Slight basal areas of atelectasis are unchanged as compared to the previous examination.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___ through ___.   Increase since ___ in medi
['Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No pneumonia.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  There is normal shape of the hemidiaphragms.  No pleural effusions.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette without evidence of pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs are clear. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  Exam is limited by body habitus.  Despite the limitations, the lungs are clear.  No nodule, consolidation, or effusion is present.  The heart and mediastinal contours are normal.  There is no pneumoperitoneum. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process or free abdominal air.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged, with left ventricular configuration.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: Mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.  No pulmonary edema or focal consolidation.', 'Findings:  Impression: The lateral view suggests a very small region of abnormal Lung at one of the bases, probably the right.  I hesitate to call this pneumonia since the inspiration is less than complete.  If more radiographic certainty is needed to decide whether tube treat pneumonia, repeat lateral view at full inspiration should be obtained, supplemented by oblique views if necessary.   Upper lungs are clear.  Heart is normal size and there is no pleural
['Findings: No previous images.  Tip of the Port-A-Cath is in the mid-to-lower portion of the SVC.  No evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, cardiomegaly, or acute pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: Right-sided Port-A-Cath is again seen, terminating in the low SVC.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No definite findings to suggest free air is seen beneath the diaphragms.  Lucency under the left hemidiaphragm likely the gastric bubble.  Lucency under the right hemidiaphragm likely due to overlying bowel and seen on ___, chest radiograph.  If high clinical concern for free air, CT is more sensitive. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right pectoral Port-A-Cath was removed. The pre-existing scoliosis with subsequent asymmetry of the ribcage is unchanged. Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pulmonary edema. No pleural effusions. No pneumonia. No lung nodules or masses.', 'Findings: There is a right-sided Port-A-Cath, which terminates in unchanged position it in the mid-to-low SVC.  Cardiac silhouette is normal in size and unchanged.  Mediastinal contours unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion.  There is no evidence of overt edema.  There is no evidence of focal opacities concerning for infection. Left sided breast clips are redemonstrated. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Left-sided dual-chamber pacemaker device is noted with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle.  Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged with the heart size within normal limits.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is visualized. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The left hemidiaphragm is elevated.  The medial left hemidiaphragm is partially obscured by a rounded opacity, which could represent atelectasis but cannot exclude a mass lesion.  The lungs are otherwise well expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  Degenerative changes are noted throughout the spine. Impression: Partial obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm medially by a rounded opacity, which could represent crowding of vessels from adjacent diaphragmatic elevation, but cannot exclude a mass lesion.  Recommend nonurgent CT to exclude possible mass.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study ___ ___, there is little change in no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No definite pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  Loss of height of several vertebral bodies are seen as well as several kyphoplasty procedures.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs show subtle evidence of interstitial lung disease.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Compression deformities and vertebroplasty changes are stable since prior exam. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.  Chronic interstitial opacities are compatible with known additional lung disease.  There is bibasilar atelectasis, right greater than left.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is appreciated.  Vertebroplasty changes again noted at the lower thoracic/upper lumbar spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Bibasilar atelectasis.  Unchanged
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is enlarged. Mediastinum is stable. Right upper lobe opacity and fiducial marker represent to the area of right upper lobe biopsy. No evidence of pneumothorax is present. Additional fiducial marker on the left reflect another area of biopsy. There is no pleural effusion demonstrated.', 'Findings: A dual-lead pacemaker/ICD device appears unchanged.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is new retrocardiac opacification and possibly a very small right-sided pleural effusion.  A small subpulmonic effusion on the left is also possible. A cavitary lesion persists in the left upper lobe although not optimally assessed.  Ground glass opacities noted recently in the right upper lobe are not likely to be well appreciated on portable radiography. Impression: Persistent but poorly visualized cavity lesion in the left upper lobe.  New left basilar opacity, typical for atelectasis, although developing pneumonia is possible.  Probably small effusions.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  No free air under the diaphragm.  There is an accessory right cervical rib.  No pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace consolidation.  Cardiac size, mediastinal contours and hilar structures are unremarkable.  Pleural surfaces are normal. Impression: No free air.']
['Findings: Heart is severely enlarged.  Mediastinal contours normal.  There is asymmetric right greater than left opacity.  There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.  There is no acute osseous abnormality. Impression: Cardiomegaly and right greater than left lung opacification compatible with asymmetric pulmonary edema.  Given relative asymmetry of findings pneumonia is also possible in the correct clinical setting.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Following insertion of the right pigtail drainage catheter at the base of the right hemithorax, the right lung abscess is substantially smaller.  I can tell on this frontal radiograph how much residual pleural fluid there is.  Consolidation at the base of the left lung, developing suddenly on ___, is largely atelectasis, but CT scanning showed extensive dissemination of infection.  Prior to tube placement, some of the residual abnormality at the left base is probably another focus of pneumonia.  Pulmonary vasculature is generally engorged, there may be mild edema in the right lung, none appreciable on the left.  No pneumothorax on either side and no appreciable pleural effusion on the left.  The heart is mildly enlarged, but unchanged.', 'Findings: A right pigtail catheter is again seen in the right hemithorax, largely unchanged in position.  There is a residual consolidation at the base of the right lung and moderate bibasilar atelectasis.  The upper lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  There is no appreci
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The aorta is markedly tortuous.  There is a large hiatal hernia, which projects over the left heart on the frontal view and contains a small pocket of gas.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is marked degenerative change throughout the thoracic spine as well as degenerative change seen at the glenohumeral joints bilaterally. Impression: 1. Moderate to large hiatal hernia. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  Again seen is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm with distention of the splenic flexure of the colon, similar to prior study.  Left greater than right bibasilar consolidations are again seen, possibly slightly decreased on the right but are otherwise not significantly changed.  No definite pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax. Impression: Left greater than right bibasilar consolidations again seen, possibly slightly decreased on the right, but are otherwise not significantly changed, may be due to pneumonia.  Persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm with overlying atelectasis.', "Findings: Two PA and 1 lateral view of the chest.  Again seen is elevation of left hemidiaphragm.  Relatively linear left basilar opacities are most suggestive of atelectasis.  Opacity projecting over the right lung base on 1 of the frontal views is due to patient's hand.  The right lung is clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  No acute osseous abnormality noted. Impression: Left basilar opacities likely in part due to atelect
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The heart is not enlarged.  Within the limits of plain film radiography, no hilar or mediastinal lymphadenopathy is detected.  No CHF, focal infiltrate or gross effusion is identified.  There is slight blunting of the right and left costophrenic angles both laterally and posteriorly.  The upper edge of the right lung at the right lung apex is visualized -- by doubt, but cannot entirely exclude a tiny right pneumothorax, though reported symptoms are not suggestive of fat.  Alternatively, this could represent a chronic appearance due to chronic scarring.  No free air seen beneath the diaphragm.  The previously seen subdiaphragmatic free air (___ radiograph) have resolved.  Multiple clips are again noted in the left upper abdomen. Impression: 1. No focal infiltrate identified to suggest pneumonia. 2. Minimal
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided, demonstrating no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  The imaged osseous structures are intact.  There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are normal. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia, no pleural effusions.', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube terminates approximately 6 cm from the carina. An enteric tube tip is within the stomach, though side port is above the gastroesophageal junction. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  There is likely minimal atelectasis in the left lung base. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or large pneumothorax is present. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: 1. Standard positioning of the endotracheal tube. 2. Enteric tube tip within the stomach, though side port is above the gastroesophageal junction and should be advanced by approximately 7 cm for optimal positioning. 3. Mild left basilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient is after left thoracocentesis.  There is no evidence of left pneumothorax.  The pre-existing left pleural effusion has substantially decreased in extent.  A small pleural effusion, limited to the costophrenic sinus, is still present.  Minor retrocardiac atelectasis.  The size of the cardiac silhouette as well as the right lung are unremarkable. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is a substantial left pleural effusion with a probable compressive atelectasis in this patient with low lung volumes.  No evidence of acute focal pneumonia or change in the cardiomediastinal silhouette. Impression: ', 'Findings: Single portable view of the chest is compared to previous exam from ___.  There is left basilar opacity silhouetting the hemidiaphragm compatible with effusion with possible underlying airspace disease.  Given lower lung volumes on the current exam, the lungs elsewhere remain grossly clear.  Cardiac silhouette is essentially stable as are the osseous and soft tissue structures. Impression: Findings compatible with a new left-sided effusion with
['Findings: Lungs remain hyperinflated.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is seen.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs remain hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms, which may be due to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are normal. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions. Moderate calcifications of the aortic wall at the level of the aortic arch.', 'Findings: There is blunting of the posterior left costophrenic angle, worrisome for a small pleural effusion.  Bibasilar atelectasis is seen.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: Left pleural effusion.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Moderatecardiomegaly has been stable compared to exams dated back to at least ___.  There is possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion.   There are  bilateral pleural effusions.  Increased opacities are seen at the lung bases bilaterally and them inor fissure is slightly thickened.   No pneumothorax detetected. Please see report of ___ CT scan showing loculated fluid vs fat in the medastinum posteriorly -- this likely accounts for some of the posterior opacity seen on this exam.   Mild t-spine degenerative changes noted. Impression: 1. Cardiomegaly and mild chf.  2. Bilateral pleural effusions, right > left. 3. Bibasilar increased opacities, consistent with bibasilar collapse and/or consolidation. 4. Posterior mediastinal mass seen on ___ CT is not well delineated on this exam but could account for some of the hazy density seen posteriorly.', 'Findings: Since prior, there has been no significant interval change. The right pigtail pleural catheter is unchanged in position. Right pleural effusion is
['Findings: Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs and pleural surfaces are clear.  No acute skeletal findings. Impression: No radiographic evidence of aspiration or pneumonia.', 'Findings: The right lung demonstrates a band of opacity across the lower lung field that extends to the right heart border, without obscuring it.  The left lung is clear without focal opacities.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Right lower lobe opacity likely represents aspiration/pneumonia in the clinical setting of seizures.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear with no evidence of a consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal.  No acute fractures are identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Comparison is made to the previous study from ___.  There is moderate pulmonary edema, which is increased with more vascularization at the lung bases.  No pneumothoraces are seen.  No definite consolidation is seen.  However, there is a developing left retrocardiac opacity. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal hilar contours are normal.  There is slight increase in interstitial markings which may represent chronic interstitial lung disease.   There is deviation of the trachea at the thoracic inlet to the right likely from an enlarged left thyroid lobe. Impression: Increased interstitial markings may represent chronic interstitial lung disease.  No acute abnormality.']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  Mild subpleural scarring is unchanged at each lung apex.  Although there is no pleural effusion on the right, there is a new small pleural effusion on the left since four days earlier.  Patchy associated opacity in the retrocardiac area is streaky, possibly atelectasis. Impression: New small pleural effusion.  Possibly increasing opacification of the left lung base reflects early developing infection but does not represent a definite infectious source since atelectasis and pleural effusion could yield a similar appearance.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is silhouetting of the left hemidiaphragm with blunting of the costophrenic angle, consistent with some combination of volume loss in the left lower lobe and pleural effusion.  Cardiac silhouette is essentially within normal limits and there is no evidence of vascular congestion. Impression: ', 'Findings: Single frontal view of the chest was obtained.  Lungs are hyperinflated, suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  Extensive bilateral costochondral calcifications are seen.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural
['Findings:  Impression: Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum, and pleural surfaces. No evidence of intrathoracic malignancy or infection.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Clear lungs.', 'Findings: In comparison to ___ chest radiograph, there are no new findings.   There are no consolidation, opacities, masses, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion appreciated.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar silhouettes are normal size. The heart size is top-normal.  . There is no acute bony abnormality nor evidence of acute fracture. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest are provided.  Lung volumes are markedly low, which limits the evaluation.  Allowing for this; however, there is no overt consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  No signs of CHF.  The heart size appears top normal, though this is likely due to projection and technique.  Mediastinal contour likewise is prominent though this also likely reflects technique.  The bony structures appear intact.  Degenerative spurring in the mid-to-lower thoracic spine noted.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Limited negative.', 'Findings: AP and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  Lung volumes are low.  The lungs are clear.  There is no nodule, consolidation, effusion, pneumothorax.  Moderate to severe cardiomegaly is unchanged. The trachea remains deviated rightward. Impression: Stable cardiomegaly.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There are new streaky left basilar opacities, probably within the lingula, although not well seen on the lateral view.  These are most suggestive of minor atelectasis but are not entirely specific.  Elsewhere, the lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Mild rightward convex mid thoracic spinal curvature is similar. Otherwise, bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: Streaky left basilar opacities, not entirely specific but most suggestive of minor atelectasis.  In the appropriate clinical setting, however, mild or early bronchopneumonia is not excluded.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   There has been interval removal of the right pigtail chest tube.  Lungs remain clear.  No pneumothorax or effusion. Impression: No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: AP upright portable chest radiograph obtained.  The lungs are clear without signs of pneumonia or CHF.  No effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.', 'Findings: Lungs are are clear of consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  No subdiaphragmatic free air.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: should be clearly marked and imaged with either bone detail radiographs or Chest CT scanning. Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___ most recently ___.  There is no displaced rib fracture or evidence of injury to the thoracic organs.  Lungs are chronically hyperexpanded, consistent with small airway obstruction, but clear
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal.  Mediastinal contours are not widened.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: Top-normal cardiac silhouette size without pulmonary edema.  No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.']
['Findings: AP semi upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Heart size is top normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Linear opacities in the lingula are compatible with subsegmental atelectasis.  Remainder of the lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. Partial eventration of the right hemidiaphragm is again seen. Hyperexpansion of the lungs suggests chronic pulmonary disease, bone no acute focal pneumonia is appreciated.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Lung volumes are stable.  Stable size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal
['Findings:  Impression: ET tube tip is 4 cm above the carinal.  Duct cough tube tip is in the stomach. Right internal jugular line tip is at the level of cavoatrial junction.  Heart size and mediastinum appear to be slightly enlarged since the prior study with interval development of vascular congestion and mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  There is no pneumothorax.  There is no interval increase in pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, all of the monitoring and support devices have been removed.  The patient has taken a better inspiration.  There are bilateral pleural effusions with compressive basilar atelectasis.  However, no evidence of appreciable vascular congestion or acute focal pneumonia.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Partially imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax.  There is minimal blunting of the left costophrenic angle, likely due to fibrotic changes of the pleura. There is a scar-like opacity at the right middle lobe, similar to ___. Impression: Scar-like opacity at the right middle lobe, unchanged since ___.', 'Findings: Mild cardiomegaly and a calcified aorta are again seen.  Hilar contours are grossly stable.  The lungs remain hyperinflated.  There is a new consolidation in the right lower lobe.  No pulmonary edema are or pleural effusion is seen.  Bilateral diaphragmatic eventration is again noted.  Dextroconvex thoracic scoliosis is again seen.  The bones overall demineralized. Impression: New right lower lobe consolidation, compatible with pneumonia in appropriate clinical setting.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Recommend follow up radiographs after treatment.  NOTIFICATION:  Results were documented in PACS by Dr. ___ at 15:58 on
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is detected.   Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: Normal.']
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. A cardiovascular closure device is seen projecting over the heart. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are intact.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: Nasogastric tube courses below the diaphragm with the tip beyond the field of view of this radiograph.  Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Lungs are clear except for subsegmental atelectasis the left lung base and a possible small left pleural effusion.']
['Findings: Low lung volumes and bibasilar atelectasis are attributable to diaphragm elevation by ascites.  Moderate right pleural effusion is unchanged since ___. Left pleural effusion is small.  The heart is enlarged and mild to moderate pulmonary edema is stable.  Increased heterogeneous opacification of the right lower lung seen on the lateral view could be a combination of dependent edema and atelectasis or developing pneumonia.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Moderate, right large pleural effusion and mild pulmonary edema stable since ___. 2. Possible right lower lobe pneumonia or worsening right basal atelectasis. 3. Bibasilar atelectasis due in part to elevation of the diaphragm by ascites.', 'Findings: Moderate to large right pleural effusion is slightly smaller when compared to previous exam.  There is associated atelectasis.  Left lung is clear besides a small left pleural effusion which is new.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: Slightly smaller moderate to large right pleural effusion.  New small left pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Imp
['Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lung in comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.']
['Findings: 4 cm rounded opacity right upper chest, may represent pleural or lung mass, infiltrate.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions, more prominent on the right.  Minimal left costophrenic angle atelectasis or infiltrate.  No pneumothorax.  Normal heart size, pulmonary vascularity.  Minimal retrocardiac atelectasis or infiltrate. Impression: 4 cm rounded opacity right upper chest, may represent pleural or lung mass, infiltrate.  Small pleural effusions.  Minimal retrocardiac atelectasis or infiltrate.']
['Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___.  Tip of the ET tube at the thoracic inlet is no less than 6 cm from the carina. It should not be withdrawn any further.  Right PIC line ends in the low SVC.  Esophageal drainage tube ends in the mid stomach.  Severe left lower lobe consolidation developed on ___, probably lobar collapse, accompanied by at least a small left pleural effusion.  Consolidation in the right lower lobe has developed since ___, unchanged today since ___, also probably atelectasis.  It is accompanied by a moderate right pleural effusion, unchanged.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: Extensive bilateral right greater than left lung opacities have minimally improved.  Lines and tubes are in standard position.  There is no evident pneumothorax.  If any there are small bilateral effusions.  Moderate Cardiomegaly is stable.  The aorta is tortuous.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, following multiple attempts at central venous line insertion, there is no evidence of post procedure pneumothor
['Findings: Opacification in the left lung base is new since the prior exam from ___, compatible with pneumonia.  Bibasilar atelectasis and small bilateral pleural effusions are also noted.  The heart size is mildly enlarged, stable since the prior exam.  There is no overt pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.  There is biapical pleural scarring worse in the left side. Impression: Left basilar consolidation is compatible with pneumonia.  Small bilateral pleural effusions have increased since the prior study.', 'Findings: Cardiac silhouette size appears mild to moderately enlarged, increased compared to the previous radiograph.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  No focal consolidation is identified.  Blunting of the right costophrenic angle suggests a trace pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax is seen with scarring noted at the lung apices.  There are mild degenerative changes noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: 1. Increased size of the cardiac silhouette compatible with a history of pericardial effusion.  Correlation with echocardiogram is recommended. 2
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Heterogeneous opacification in the right lower lung has not worsened since ___ and could be resolving pneumonia.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Heart size is top normal.  ET tube and right internal jugular line are in standard placements, and a nasogastric tube passes below the diaphragm and out of view.  Right pleural effusion is small, if any.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Since ___, previous moderate right pleural effusion has improved.  Mild peribronchial opacification at the lung bases is probably atelectasis.  There is no pulmonary edema or good evidence for pneumonia.  Heart size is normal.  ET tube is in standard placement, right jugular line ends in the mid to low SVC and a nasogastric tube passes into the stomach and out of view.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Relatively mild peribronchial opacification in the lower lungs has worsened.  Whether this represents progression of the presumed location of pneumonia or instead
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Degenerative changes of the right glenohumeral joint are present. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified, and no acute osseous abnormalities are detected. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Compared with prior radiographs on ___, the side port of the NG tube is located at the gastroesophageal junction, and should be advanced.  An ET tube and left central catheter are unchanged in position.  There is no new focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Impression: No pneumonia.  NG tube side port terminates at the gastroesophageal junction and should be advanced.  NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ on the telephoneon ___ at 10:50 AM, 30 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube tip terminates approximately 3.8 cm from the carina.  An enteric tube is within the stomach.  Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Patchy opacities are seen in the lung bases which may reflect areas of atelectasis in the setting of low lung volumes.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osse
['Findings: discussed over the phone with Dr.  ___ by Dr. ___ at 18:47, ___ min after the findings were  made. WET READ VERSION #1 ___ ___ ___ 6:50 PM  New Dobbhoff tube extends within the right tracheobronchial tree to the right  lung base and should be replaced.  Continued interval improvement in left base  consolidation or atelectasis.  Findings discussed over the phone with Dr.  ___ by Dr. ___ at 18:47, ___ min after the findings were  made. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT INDICATION:  ___ year old man with altered mental status due to SDH and IPH needing dobhuff tube.  // Dobhuff tube placement. Impression: Malpositioned Dobbhoff tube in the right tracheobronchial system was withdrawn on image 2. The device needs to be repositioned.', "Findings: There is increased the patient rotation compared to the prior film. Allowing for this, I doubt significant interval change.  Again seen is
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate normal heart size.  Low lung volumes.  Retrocardiac opacity consistent with left lower lobe pneumonia. Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia. Recommend follow up chest x-ray after treatment to ensure resolution.  Telephone notification to Dr ___ by Dr ___ at 8:15 on ___ and an email was sent to the ED QA nurses.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs are provided.  The lungs are well expanded.  There are no focal consolidations, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There are no displaced fractures. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Bibasilar airspace opacities are concerning for multifocal pneumonia.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated.  There is no acute osseous abnormality. Impression: Bibasilar airspace opacities concerning for multifocal pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Substantial increase in the right pleural effusion has been demonstrated.  It might potentially be attributed to growing bibasal consolidations consistent with known infectious process.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is overall unchanged.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___ and ___.  A after earlier worsening, bibasilar consolidation and moderate right pleural effusion have not changed since ___.  Upper lobes show vascular engorgement but no edema.  Heart is moderately enlarged due to cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion.  Distended gut the upper abdomen fails to show a splenic indentation.  Is this patient asplenic?
['Findings:  Impression: There is mild cardiomegaly. The left PICC tip projects in the same location by CXR, in prior CT it was in the azygos vein. There has been interval worsening of diffuse lung opacities. focal cavitary lung lesions are better seen in prior CT. NG tube tip is out of view below the diaphragm. I presumed there is a small layering right pleural effusion.', 'Findings: to Dr ___ by telephone on ___ at 12:02 PM, 1 minutes after discovery of the findings. Impression: New left PIC line probably ends in the azygos vein. If withdrawn 2 cm it would and in the left brachiocephalic vein.  Feeding tube passes into the stomach and out of view.  Mild pulmonary edema and moderate to severe cardiomegaly are unchanged.  NOTIFICATION:   Dr. ___ reported the findings to Dr ___ by telephone on ___ at 12:02 PM, 1 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: An ET tube is present, tip in satisfactory position approximately 4.1 cm above the carina. An enteric type tube is present,
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings: No previous images.  The heart is normal in size and there is no evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: As compared to chest radiograph from 1 day prior, moderate cardiomegaly is  stable.  Right lower lobe opacity a combination of atelectasis and effusion is a stable.  Retrocardiac opacities have improved also a combination of pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis. No evident pneumothorax.  Patient has known emphysema.  Right IJ catheter tip is in the mid SVC Impression: Overall, no substantial change with persistent combination of atelectasis and effusions in the lung bases.', 'Findings:  Impression: Previous dense consolidation in all lobes improved between ___ and ___, indicating it was largely pulmonary edema, the very.one.  There is some residual edema in those areas and more dense opacification in both lower lobes probably a combination of atelectasis, residual edema, and overlying pleural effusion common at least moderate on the right.  Moderate cardiomegaly persists, but it too has improved over the past several days.  Hyperinflation due to emphysema explains its very irregular distribution earlier.  Right jugular line ends in the mid SVC.', 'Findings: 
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, monitoring and support devices are in unchanged position.  The endotracheal tube lies about 1 cm above the carina and should be pulled back.  Extensive opacification at the left base is consistent with volume loss in the left lower lobe and pleural fluid.  On this straight frontal image, there is no evidence of displacement of the mediastinum.  The low position of the endotracheal tube has been telephoned to Dr. ___. Impression: ', 'Findings: Lung volumes with vascular crowding. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila are normal. No effusion, no pneumothorax. Impression: Lung volumes with vascular crowding.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Likely small left pleural effusion with subsequent areas of atelectasis.  Moderate pulmonary edema with no evidence of a right-sided pleural effusion.  No focal parenchymal opacity suggesting pneumonia.    In the interval, the left PICC line persists but the right central venous access line has been removed. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidations, effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinal contours are normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. Subtle increase in perihilar opacity could reflect mild central airways inflammation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Imaged osseous structures appear intact. Impression: As above.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  Lung volumes are quite low limiting assessment.  Gas seen below the right hemidiaphragm may reside within bowel loops though clinical correlation is advised as free intraperitoneal air is difficult to exclude in the correct clinical setting.  There is no convincing evidence for pneumonia, edema, large effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears within normal limits given technique.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: 1. Gas below the right hemidiaphragm likely resides within bowel loops at though clinical correlation for abdominal pain is advised as pneumoperitoneum is difficult to exclude in the correct clinical setting. 2. No evidence of pneumonia or edema.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph are poorly penetrated.  Lung volumes are low.  Heart size is enlarged likely exaggerated by low lung volumes.  No focal consolidation is identified convincing for pneumonia.  There is no evidence of pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No air under the right hemidiaphragm is present. Impression: Low lung volumes.  No acute intrathoracic abnormality.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are somewhat low, resulting in bronchovascular crowding and accentuation of the cardiac silhouette.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  If clinical suspicion for infection persists, repeat radiographs with improved inspiration could be obtained to better assess the lung bases.  NOTIFICATION:  Updated impression from original wet read was communicated to the ED QA nurses at 3:37 p.m. on ___ by e-mail.']
['Findings: Mild cardiomegaly is noted with hilar congestion and mild interstitial edema.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormalities are identified. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there are lower lung volumes.  Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with pulmonary vascular congestion. Given the size of the heart and pulmonary changes, in the appropriate clinical setting it would be impossible to exclude superimposed pneumonia, especially in the absence of a lateral view.', "Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  The patient's chin obscures the apices and superior mediastinum somewhat.  Allowing for this, the lungs appear clear.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears grossly within normal limits.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: As above.", 'Findings: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, effusion, or edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, obliquity of the patient makes it difficult to evaluate the heart and lungs. There is enlargement of cardiac silhouette without definite pulmonary vascular congestion. The atelectatic changes and possible effusion on the right has cleared. There probably is mild atelectatic changes on the left. There is a somewhat ill in the left perihilar region. Is unclear whether this could represent some congestion or even consolidation, or merely relates to the oblique position of the patient.', 'Findings: Cardiomegaly is a stable.  There are minimal and bibasilar atelectasis.  The upper lungs are clear.  The lungs are hyperinflated.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  No subdiaphragmatic free air.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly, without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary
['Findings: PA and lateral images of the chest.    The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Portable upright frontal view of the chest.  The lung volumes are low which causes crowding of the bronchovascular structures.  There is mild interstitial edema but no alveolar edema or focal consolidation.  Bilateral lower lobe opacities most likely represent atelectasis.  No significant pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There is calcification within the aortic knob.  There is slight widening of the mediastinum and the heart size is top normal. Impression: Mild interstitial edema. Low lung volumes and bilateral lower lobe opacities that most likely represent atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, this and placement of a dual-channel pacer device with leads in the right atrium and apex of the right ventricle
["Findings: Lung volumes are low, with the left lung less well expanded than the right, likely due to splinting.  Rib fractures are better appreciated on the patient's recent CT.  The cardiac silhouette is top normal in size, the mediastinal contours are normal.  There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Impression: Hypo-expansion of the left lung, likely from splinting.", 'Findings: Although a left anterior third rib fracture can be visualized, for the most part, known left-sided fractures are not well assessed.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Streaky opacities in the lower lungs suggest atelectasis in association with low lung volumes.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  A mild-to-moderate superior endplate compression fracture along an upper thoracic vertebral body appears unchanged.  An L1 vertebral body compression fracture is not well assessed, but also appears unchanged. Impression: Low lung volumes with increasing bibasilar atelectasis, but no evidence for pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Rib fractures are not well assessed.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged evidence of relatively diffuse and moderately severe fibrotic lung disease.  The changes, however, are slightly less dense than on the previous exam.  There is no evidence of newly appeared fibrotic foci.  A 3-mm dense left upper lobe nodule was already documented on a CT examination from ___ (series 4, image ___).  No pleural effusions.  No cardiomegaly. Impression: ', 'Findings: There has been interval placement of a right PICC line with tip terminating in the right ventricle. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Increased interstitial markings are again noted,  indicative of chronic lung disease. Persistent lateral right base increased density may be slightly increased compared to prior, but a right mid lung density is new.  Additionally, vague increased density over the right upper lung is also new. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: 1.  Right PICC line with tip in the right ventricle should be withdrawn by at least 12 cm to ensure more appropriate placement in the low SVC.  Dr. ___ ___ this result
["Findings: The previously visualized lung nodules are no longer evident on today's examination.  The right upper lobe opacification has also resolved.  There is no new focal consolidation.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There are no pleural effusions.  There is no pneumothorax.  There is mild dextro convex scoliosis. Impression: Resolution of the right upper lobe opacification and previously visualized lung nodules compatible with improving infection.", 'Findings: A CLUSTER OF PERIBRONCHIAL OPACITIES WITH POSSIBLE MILD BRONCHIECTASIS IN THE RIGHT UPPER LOBE COULD BE AN ACUTE INFECTION, OR CHRONIC BRONCHIECTASIS. TWO SMALL OVOID OPACITIES IN THE LEFT UPPER LUNG, AN 11 MM LESION PROJECTING OVER THE FIRST ANTERIOR INTERSPACE AND A SUB CM LESION PROJECTING OVER THE SECOND ANTERIOR INTERSPACE COULD BE DUE TO ACUTE INFECTION AS WELL.  LOWER LUNGS ARE CLE
['Findings: are most consistent with pulmonary edema; however, bibasilar opacities could reflect atelectasis or pneumonia/aspiration. Impression: Findings are most consistent with pulmonary edema; however, bibasilar opacities could reflect atelectasis or pneumonia/aspiration.', "Findings: PA and lateral images of the chest show a consolidation within the right lower lobe consistent with an underlying infectious process.  Adjacent to this area is a bulla with an air-fluid level.  The wall of the bulla is not thickened, which suggests that it is not an abscess.  Would follow up these findings with a repeat chest radiograph in four weeks to ensure resolution.  There are stable coarse interstitial lung markings with relative upper lung lucencies consistent with patient's known history of COPD.  There are multiple unchanged old rib fractures in the right upper ribs.  There is a prominent main pulmonary artery which is consistent with a history of pulmonary hypertension.  The heart size is normal. Impression: Right lower lobe opacity with an adjacent fluid-filled bulla is consistent with underlying infectious process.  Would follow up with repeat chest radiograph in four weeks to ensure resolution.  Results
['Findings: The lungs are clear with no evidence of consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Lung volumes are low.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute fractures are identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  The pulmonary vasculature  is unremarkable.  The hilar structures are normal.  The trachea is midline and normal in caliber. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  The patient has been extubated and the nasogastric tube was removed.  The left pectoral pacemaker is in stable position.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  Borderline size of the heart.  No pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions.', 'Findings: The endotracheal tube terminates 6.8 cm above the carina.  Increased interstitial markings are seen projecting over the lung apices and perihilar and retrocardiac regions.  No dense consolidation.  No obvious effusion or pneumothorax on this supine film.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Endotracheal tube terminates 6.8 cm above the carina.  Hazy opacities in the lungs, potentially combination of atelectasis in this supine patient although infection is possible.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Moderate overinflation.  Pacemaker in situ.  1 lead projects over the right atrium and 1 over the right ventricle.  No evidence of pneum
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are obtained.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear with no evidence of a consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute fractures are identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Portable radiograph of the chest demonstrates the lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.  The ascending shadow appears more prominent on this study compared to prior examination, possibly due to differences in imaging technique. There is air within the fundus of the stomach; however, no subdiaphragmatic free air is identified. Impression: Apparent interval increased prominence of the aortic shadow since the prior study may be entirely projectional due to differences in imaging technique. However, follow-up routine PA and lateral radiographs are recommended for further characterization
['Findings: Severe dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine is noted.  The heart size is mildly enlarged, and the mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion.  Mild bibasilar atelectasis is noted.  No pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax is identified.  No acute osseous abnormalities are seen.  Sclerotic focus in the right proximal humerus could reflect an enchondroma and appears unchanged Impression: Mild bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged but unchanged.  The aorta is markedly tortuous.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Linear opacities in the right lung base likely reflect areas of subsegmental atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No subdiaphragmatic free air is present. Severe dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine is re- demonstrated. Impression: Subsegmental right basilar atelectasis.  No
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates no focal consolidation convincing for pneumonia. Lungs are hyperinflated.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures demonstrates no acute abnormality. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: with Dr. ___ by phone at 3:20 a.m. on ___. Impression: Non-displaced right ninth lateral rib fracture.  Dr. ___ ___ the findings with Dr. ___ by phone at 3:20 a.m. on ___.']
['Findings:  Impression: Cardiomegaly is substantial.  Interstitial opacities in the lung lower aspect are similar to previous study, consistent with vascular congestion.  Bibasal atelectasis is noted.  No progression of pulmonary edema demonstrated.  No pneumothorax.', "Findings: Slight blunting of the lateral left hemidiaphragm is more conspicuous on today's exam compared to ___ in ___, suggesting slight increase in atelectasis and probable trace left pleural effusion if present.  Lung volumes remain low. The heart size is slightly larger than the prior exam, now moderately to severely enlarged.  Moderate pulmonary vascular congestion and dependent edema is overall unchanged.  Transvenous pacing lead is unchanged in position.  No pneumothorax. Impression: Slight interval increase in cardiomegaly with overall unchanged dependent edema and trace, if any, left pleural effusion.", 'Findings: AP semi upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is a left chest wall pacer device with a single lead extending into the region of the right ventricle.  The heart remains moderately enlarged.  There is mild pulmonary edema. 
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Right internal jugular central line has its tip in the SVC.  A feeding tube is seen coursing below the diaphragm with the tip not completely identified on the current study.  Small left apical pneumothorax remains but is not significantly changed since ___, maybe slightly smaller than that seen on ___.  There has been interval improvement in the aeration of both lung bases with only residual streaky linear opacities in the left mid and right mid lungs suggestive of subsegmental atelectasis.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.  Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.  Status post median sternotomy with stable postoperative cardiac and mediastinal contours.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is no interval change or evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Mild hyperexpansion of the lungs, consistent with chronic pulmonary disease.  However, no acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in semi-up
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The osseous structures are unremarkable Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous image, no relevant change is seen.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  No larger pleural effusions.  Moderate elongation of the descending aorta.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size is prominent but unchanged.  There are no focal consolidations, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema.  Minimal atelectasis at the lung bases are present.  There are no pneumothoraces.']
['Findings: There are new opacities projecting over the bilateral lower lungs, greater on the right than the left.  There is unchanged elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette.  No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: New bilateral lower lung opacities greater on the right than the left could reflect aspiration or infection.', 'Findings:  Impression: The Dobbhoff tube is unchanged in position.  There is an apparent new nasogastric tube ; however, the distal tip is not well seen pass the mid esophagus.  Please correlate clinically and repeat films recommended if there is high clinical concern.  Lung fields are somewhat hyperexpanded. There has been improved aeration of the right upper lobe.  No pneumothoraces are seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs ___.  Heart size top-normal.  Lungs clear.  No pleural quality.', 'Findings: were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___ ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 10:30 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Monitoring and support devices are in constant position, including the right chest tube and the Swan-Ganz catheter.  Minimally increased left pleural effusion with increasing atelectasis in the retrocardiac lung areas.  The overall size of the cardiac silhouette is unchanged.  No pneumothorax.  No pneumonia.  No pulmonary edema. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.   Patient is status post median sternotomy as well as cardiac valve replacement.  As noted on the chest radiograph from ___, similar in appearance to that study, there is suggestion of possible pulmonary nodules at the lung bases which may be due to overlapping structures; however, chest CT would be needed for further evaluation.  There is mild left base atelectasis/scarring.  No large pleural effusion is seen.  There is no pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: Query basilar nodular opacities versus overlap of structures, similar in appearance to chest radiograph from ___, chest CT would be needed for further evaluation,
['Findings: Mild central pulmonary vascular congestion.  No focal consolidation to pneumonia.  No pleural effusion.  The heart is moderately enlarged.  The descending thoracic aorta is tortuous.  Patient has had prior median sternotomy valve replacement which appear intact.  No pneumothorax.  Mediastinum is not widened.  No acute osseous abnormality.  Extensive degenerative changes are seen in the visualized thoracic spine. Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary vascular congestion.']
['Findings: There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No radiopaque foreign body is identified. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  No radiopaque foreign body.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest show no consolidations, pleural abnormalities, or masses.  The heart and mediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no cardiomegaly.  There is widening of the right acromioclavicular joint, suggesting a chronic shoulder separation.  The remainder of the osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of cardiopulmonary pathology.  Specifically, no evidence of intrathoracic malignancy.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Compression deformity in the lower thoracic spine is unchanged.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: There is a right subclavian PICC with the catheter tip in the region of the superior cavoatrial junction/ proximal right atrium and retraction of the PICC by 3 cm is recommended to ensure proper positioning.  The lungs are clear with no evidence of a consolidation.  There
['Findings: Portable upright chest radiograph demonstrates minimal right basilar opacification, most likely reflecting atelectasis.  There is no large focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is normal in size, the mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: Minimal right basilar airspace opacity, likely reflecting atelectasis.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are obtained.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  Bilateral hilar prominence, more prominent on right than left, may be secondary to enlarged pulmonary vasculature.  Heart size is top-normal.  .  Left pectoral pacemaker generator seen with the pacer leads terminating within the right atrium and right ventricle. Impression: 1. No pneumothorax. 2. Bilateral hilar prominence may be compatible with enlarged pulmonary arteries, confirmed on same-day CT chest.', 'Findings: Cardiac conduction device is contiguous with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle.  There is no evidence of free air.  There is moderate cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  Compared to prior, there are significantly lower lung volumes seen.  Bibasilar opacities, particularly on the lateral may be therefore secondary to atelectasis; however, clinical correlation is recommended to exclude infection.  Cardiac silhouette also appears more
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.  There may be slightly increased opacity of the right upper lobe, and there is diffusely increased opacity at on the lateral view, but these may be secondary to poor inspiration.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Increased opacity of the right upper lobe on frontal view and diffusely increased opacity on lateral view may be secondary to poor inspiration.  Repeat frontal and lateral chest radiographs with an emphasis on inspiration may be helpful.  These findings were communicated via telephone by Dr. ___ to Dr. ___ at ___ on ___.', 'Findings: The cardiac silhouette size is normal.  The aorta is mildly tortuous but unchanged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  Linear and nodular opacities within the right upper lobe with evidence of volume loss is chronic. Remainder of the lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Multiple clips are seen within the upper abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are normal.  Two discrete nodules in the right upper lobe measure up to 7 mm and are better characterized on same-day CT as infectious nodules due to mycobacterial infection.  Reticular opacities in this area likely reflect bronchiolar wall thickening and mild bronchiectasis, better characterized on same-day CT.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Heart size is normal. Impression: 1. Two discrete right upper lobe nodules are consistent with atypical mycobacterial infection, better characterized on same-day CT. 2. Reticular opacities, predominantly within the right upper lobe, suggest bronchiolar wall thickening and mild bronchiectasis, better characterized on same-day CT.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  The lungs are hyperinflated.  There is hazy opacity in the right lower lobe.  There is no effusion or pneumothorax.  There is mild atelectasis in the lower lobes bilaterally.  There is mild to moderate pulmonary vascular congestion with mild interstitial edema.  Cardiomegaly is mild. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: 1. Hazy opacity in the right lower lobe could represent early pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. 2. Mild interstitial edema.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is again enlargement of the cardiac silhouette in a patient with triple-channel pacemaker device.  There is some hyperexpansion of the lungs suggesting chronic pulmonary disease.  Right pleural effusion is again seen with adjacent atelectatic changes.  There is some engorgement of ill-defined pulmonary vessels, consistent with relatively mild elevation of pulmonary venous pressure.  Some basilar asymmetry with opacification on the right, could be a sign of developing consolidation in the appropriate clinical setting. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were provided.  There is prominence of the pulmonary vasculature compared to the prior study, consistent with mild pulmonary edema.  More confluent opacity at the right lower lung zone may be asymmetric pulmonary edema; however, an infectious process cannot be excluded.  There is a new small right pleural effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged and notable for mild cardiomegaly.  Left chest wall pacemaker leads and retained right ventricular lead are unchanged in position.  There are no acute bony abnormalities. Impression: 1.  Mild pulmonary edema. 
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized.  No acute osseous abnormalities seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes without pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ radiograph, bibasilar opacities suggestive of atelectasis have developed.  There is otherwise no relevant change in the appearance of chest.']
['Findings: Single AP view of the chest was provided.  There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusions.  The lungs are hyperinflated.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  There are surgical clips seen in the right axilla and overlying the right chest wall.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Tip of endotracheal tube terminates approximately 4.6 cm above the carina.  The patient is status post median sternotomy, sternal debridement and wound VAC placement procedures.  The sternal and juxtasternal hardware partially obscure a left internal jugular vascular catheter, whose tip terminates in the mid superior vena cava.  There is no visible pneumothorax.  Stable appearance of cardiomediastinal contours.  Slight worsening of left lower lobe atelectasis but no change in linear lingular atelectasis.  Probable small left pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings: Portable upright chest radiograph demonstrates changes of median sternotomy.  Right IJ approach central venous catheter tip is unchanged.  Lung volumes remain low.  There is mild pulmonary edema.  There is increasing retrocardiac atelectasis, with a new small left pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette remains mildly enlarged. Impression: Unchanged low lung volumes, with mild pulmonary edema and new increasing retrocardiac atelectasis with a new small left pleural effusion.', '
['Findings: Semi upright portable AP view the chest.  Lung volumes are markedly low.  There is no large consolidation or definite signs of effusion or pneumothorax. The heart size cannot be assessed.  Mediastinal contour appears grossly unremarkable allowing for slight leftward rotation.  No acute osseous injury is detected. Impression: Limited, negative.']
['Findings: The previously seen left apical pneumothorax is no longer visualized.  Again seen is a right IJ central line - on the current study, the tip lies near the cavoatrial junction.  Inspiratory volumes are improved. Prominent cardiomediastinal silhouette is similar to the prior film, with sternotomy wires again noted.  There is upper zone zone redistribution, without other evidence of CHF.  Retrocardiac opacity is again seen.  Additional atelectasis at the left base laterally is improved.  Minimal subsegmental atelectasis is present at the right lung base.  Equivocal minimal blunting of the right costophrenic angle could be new. Impression: 1. Previous left apical pneumothorax no longer visualized. 2. Improved inspiratory volumes, with some improvement of atelectasis at left lung base.  Persistent retrocardiac opacity.', 'Findings: Comparison is made to the prior radiographs from ___.  Heart size is within normal limits.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or signs for overt pulmonary edema.  No pneumothoraces are seen. Impression: ', '
["Findings: ET tube tip in satisfactory position approximately 2.5 cm above the carina.  NG tube present, extending beneath diaphragm.  The tip overlies the stomach.  The sideport likely also overlies the stomach, but may lie just distal to the GE junction.  A left IJ central line tip overlies the proximal SVC.  No pneumothorax detected.  Again seen areextensive diffuse bilateral alveolar opacities and as well as increased retrocardiac density, obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm, and of the extreme lateral right hemidiaphragm.  Confluent biapical opacity again noted.  The overall appearance is similar to the prior study, allowing for technical differences.  The right hemidiaphragm is slightly better defined on today's examination, which could reflect very slight improvement at the right lung base.  The possibility of bilateral small effusions cannot be excluded. Impression: Lines and tubes as described.  Extensive diffuse bilateral patchy opacities, overall similar to the prior study, would possible slight clearing at the right lung base.", 'Findings:  Impression: Allowing for differences in technique, there
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contour iss unremarkable.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Again, lung volumes remain low.  There is persistent retrocardiac opacity with silhouetting the left hemidiaphragm consistent with left lower lobe atelectasis or consolidation.  There are and likely no air bronchograms seen within the area suggesting this may reflect pneumonia.  Right basilar atelectasis.  The trachea remains central, the cardiomediastinal contour is unchanged compared to the prior study. Impression: Low lung volumes again seen.  There is a persistent left lower lobe airspace opacity, the appearance remain suspicious for infection although atelectasis remains in differential diagnosis.', 'Findings: Frontal lateral chest radiographs demonstrate unchanged moderate cardiomegaly. The lungs are well aerated and clear, with interval resolution of multifocal opacities seen on chest radiograph in ___.  No new focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is present.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Interval resolution of multifocal opacities.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate low lung volumes. Linear opacities at the lung bases most likely represent atelectasis. There is no large pleural
['Findings:  Impression: The pre described left apical pneumothorax has completely resolved.  Areas of platelike atelectasis in the left lung persist. Minimal pleural effusions are visualized on the lateral image only.  Normal postoperative appearance of the cardiac silhouette.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Linear left base retrocardiac atelectasis is seen.  Mild blunting of the bilateral posterior costophrenic angles may be due to trace pleural effusions, this finding has been present since ___. No focal consolidation or pneumothorax. No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: Left basilar linear atelectasis and possible trace pleural effusions.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are again noted. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right he
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The lungs are clear. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: All the monitoring devices are unchanged.  A left PICC line ending in the left axillary vein is re-demonstrated.  The ET tube ends at 5 cm from the carina bifurcation.  There is increased opacification of both lungs for increased pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusion.  Bibasilar atelectasis and large linear atelectasis of the left lung are re-demonstrated. Impression: All the monitoring devices are unchanged.  The left PICC line ends in the left axillary vein.  There is an increased pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusion with persistent but unchanged bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: As compared to ___, there is an improvement of the extent and severity of the bilateral parenchymal opacities, notably at the level of the lung bases.  At the lung bases, however, there is unchanged evidence of a combination of opacities and parenchymal atelectasis, reflecting a combination of edema and likely pneumonia.  In the interval, the patient has been extubated and the nasogastric tube have been removed.  Lung volumes have minimally decreased.
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Consolidative opacity in the left lower lobe is concerning for pneumonia. Right lung is clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is identified.  No acute osseous abnormalities seen.  Dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine is re- demonstrated. Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia. Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Left lower lobe opacity has resolved. The lungs appear clear.  Mild reversed S-shaped curvature is again noted along the visualized thoracolumbar spine. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are hyperinflated without focal consolidation.  Linear opacities in the lung bases likely reflect areas of atelectasis or scarring.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Moderate multilevel degenerative changes are re- demonstrated.  Remote left-sided rib fractures are again noted. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lungs are hyperinflated and clear.  No focal consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Imaged bony structures are intact.  Chronic left rib deformities are unchanged.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: Hyperinflated lungs, no signs of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the right subclavian PICC line is been removed.  Again there are low lung volumes that accentuate the transverse diameter of the heart.  There is some fullness of pulmonary vessels that could reflect crowding related to the low lung volumes or possibly mild elevation of pulmonary venous pressure.  No definite acute focal pneumonia, though in the appropriate clinical setting this would be difficult to unequivocally exclude, especially in the absence of a lateral view.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pulmonary edema or pleural effusion.  CONCLUSION:  No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear of confluent consolidation.  There are however increased peribronchial markings centrally, particularly the left.  There is no effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality detected. Impression: Increased central peribronchial markings raising possibility of inflammation without evidence of focal consolidation.']
['Findings:  Impression: Previous mild pulmonary edema has improved.  Heart size is normal and there is no appreciable pleural abnormality.  Marked thickening of the right apical pleura may be related to to nodular lung lesions.  These need to be evaluated with comparison to any prior chest imaging to determine the chronicity.  Chest CT scanning may still be needed for evaluation.  RECOMMENDATION(S): Marked thickening of the right apical pleura may be related to to nodular lung lesions. These need to be evaluated with comparison to any prior chest imaging to determine the chronicity.  Chest CT scanning may still be needed for evaluation.  The', 'Findings: A left-sided PICC terminates in the proximal SVC.There is diffuse increase in interstitial markings bilaterally which may be due to moderate pulmonary edema and/or atypical infection.  A more focal opacity is seen in the lateral right lower lung, which could also relate to infection.  There is prominent right apical thickening.  No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal.  The aorta is tortuous
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  This slightly limits assessment of the lung bases.  The heart size is top normal.  The aorta is mildly unfolded.  The pulmonary vascularity is not engorged.  Minimal streaky opacities in the lung bases likely reflect atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Low lung volumes with mild bibasilar atelectasis.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low but clear.  Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Stable mild cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: Prominence of the right hilum appears similar.  The heart is normal in size.  There is persistent moderate relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  Streaky right basilar opacities suggesting atelectasis have decreased somewhat.  The lungs are hyperinflated.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are unremarkable.  A Port-A-Cath terminates in the superior vena cava. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: Single portable view of the chest compared to previous exam from ___.  Right chest wall port is again seen with catheter tip in the mid SVC.  Right-sided pleural effusion is again seen, potentially slightly increased since prior.  The lungs are otherwise grossly clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged, as are the osseous and soft tissue structures. Impression: Probable increase in size of right pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest.  There is unchanged elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  The previously seen
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is an placement of a nasogastric tube that extends to the lower body of the stomach be for coiling back on itself so that the tip lies in the lateral aspect of the upper fundus of the stomach.  Streaks of atelectasis are seen bilaterally without vascular congestion or acute focal pneumonia.', 'Findings: An enteric tube courses inferiorly in the midline, with distal side port seen approximately 3.5 cm distal to the GE junction, with tip projecting over the approximate location of the gastric body in the left upper abdominal quadrant. There are low lung volumes and a suboptimal inspiratory effort.  There is at least moderate cardiomegaly.  There are aortic arch calcifications.  The bilateral hila are within normal limits.  There is bibasilar atelectasis.  There may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no focal lung consolidation. Impression: 1. Enteric tube in grossly appropriate location, with tip likely in the gastric body. 2. Moderate cardiomegaly and likely some
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  Lungs are clear of confluent consolidation.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are grossly unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits.  The bilateral hila are unremarkable.  There is a right lower lobe patchy opacity with associated signs of volume loss including inferior displacement of the minor fissure and right hilum.  Otherwise, lungs are clear.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion or pulmonary edema.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: Right lower lobe opacity with associated volume loss suggesting at least a component of atelectasis.  Coexisting aspiration or pneumonia are not excluded the appropriate clinical setting.  Short-term followup radiographs would be helpful to document resolution.  .  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Short-term followup radiographs are recommended to document resolution right lower lobe opacity.']
['Findings: Since ___, no significant changes are appreciated.  Dual chamber cardiac pacemaker leads are intact and unchanged in position, running their expected courses into the right atrium and right ventricle.  Heart size is normal.  No pulmonary vascular congestion or pulmonary edema.  Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  No pleural abnormalities. Impression: Dual chamber cardiac pacemaker leads follow their expected course of the right atrium and right ventricle, unchanged in position compared to ___.', 'Findings: In comparison with chest radiograph from ___, there is no relevant change.  Left-sided cardiac pacing device with dual leads following their expected courses to the right atrium and ventricle. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  Heart size is normal. Impression: Left-sided cardiac pacing device with dual leads following their expected courses to the right atrium and ventricle, unchanged since ___.']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates a heart size upper limits of normal in size.  There is mild central vascular engorgement without overt pulmonary edema.  There is no pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.  Lungs are clear without a focal consolidation.  There is no air under the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: Mild vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No subdiaphragmatic free air is demonstrated. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: A very small right apical pneumothorax has slightly decreased in size since the recent study.  Right chest tube remains in place.  Poorly defined bilateral lower lobe opacities have improved compared to CT torso of ___.  There are also possible small bilateral pleural effusions.  Focal right lateral rib fracture is not appreciably changed. Impression: ', 'Findings: Single frontal chest radiograph demonstrates right-sided chest tube with interval worsening of predominantly apical pneumothorax, now small to moderate in size.  Asymmetrically increased left lower lung opacification. No pleural effusion evident.  Remainder of the examination is unchanged. Impression: Worsening right pneumothorax.  Faint left lower opacification.  ___ discussed with Dr. ___ about these findings at 5:30 a.m., ___ at the time of discovery.', 'Findings: Compared to the prior study the right chest tube has been removed. The right apical pneumothorax is stable. No pleural effusion or left pneumothorax. Normal heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours. Impression: Stable small right apical pneumothorax status
['Findings: Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No displaced fracture is identified.  Degenerative changes are seen at the partially imaged glenohumeral joints. Impression: No focal consolidation.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Moderate cardiomegaly has increased compared to the previous exam.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged, with mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta again demonstrated.  Atherosclerotic calcifications are again throughout the aorta.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized. Unchanged compression deformities of several lower thoracic vertebral bodies are again demonstrated with diffuse demineralization of the osseous structures. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Portable upright view of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Dual-
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: discussed with Dr. ___ ___ ___) by Dr. ___ ___  telephone at 20:42 on ___, ___ min after discovery. WET READ VERSION #1  ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT EXAMINATION:  CHEST (PA AND LAT)  INDICATION:  ___ year old man with decompensated cirrhosis. Evaluate for infiltrate.  TECHNIQUE:  Chest PA and lateral  COMPARISON:  ___  FINDINGS:   Compared to the prior study from ___, there is new platelike atelectasis in the right mid lung field as well as new right perihilar and basilar opacities which are asymmetric and  increased.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax, and the heart size is stable.  Increased caliber of pulmonary arteries implies volume overload. Impression: Increasing opacities in the right perihilar and basilar lung concerning for pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the the tip of the
['Findings: The lungs are severely hyperinflated, consistent with COPD.  There is no consolidation, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: 1.  Hyperinflation, consistent with COPD. 2.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged, with tortuosity of the thoracic aorta again noted.  The aorta is diffusely calcified.  There is no pulmonary vascular congestion, focal consolidation or pleural effusion.  Scarring within the lung apices is re- demonstrated.  Relative attenuation of the pulmonary vascular markings within the lung apices is compatible with underlying emphysema.  No pneumothorax is present.  S-shaped scoliosis of the thoracic spine is re- demonstrated as are clips within the right breast.  Soft tissue anchor within the right humeral head is noted.  There are degenerative changes within the thoracic spine with mild loss of height of a mid thoracic vertebral body, unchanged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: There has been interval placement of a left chest wall pacemaker with a single atrial lead following the expected transsubclavian course.  There is no pneumothorax. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: 1. Interval placement of a left chest wall pacemaker. 2. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are symmetrically well expanded and well aerated without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged and there is no overt pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is a prominent aortic contour on the lateral view.  Hypertrophic changes at the thoracic spine are noted.  No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  Lung volumes are low with mild bibasilar atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear. Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: Lung volumes are still quite low.  Right lung is clear.  Consolidation in the left lower lobe is still severe.  Whether this is atelectasis alone, or pneumonia is radiographically indeterminate, although the appearance on ___ was more suggestive of atelectasis.  Is accompanied by a small left pleural effusion,  Heart size is normal.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lung volumes are low limiting assessment.  There is left basal consolidation concerning for pneumonia with adjacent effusion.  The right lung is clear.  The heart size cannot be assessed.  Mediastinal contours unremarkable.  Bony structures intact. Impression: Left basal opacity concerning for effusion and possible pneumonia.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  There is tortuosity of the descending aorta.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are otherwise normal.  Increased right paratracheal density is compatible with normal vascular structures seen on CT. The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There is no pulmonary edema. The cardiac silhouette is normal in size. Tortuosity of the descending aorta is again seen. Right paratracheal opacity is again seen, without indentation on the adjacent trachea, compatible with vascular structures Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are moderately well-expanded and clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size, mediastinal contour, and hila are unremarkable.  Limited assessment of the osseous structures are notable for stable mild compression deformity of a mid thoracic vertebral body.  No retropulsion. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No definite pneumomediastinum or pneumonia. 2. Stable mild compression deformity of a mid thoracic vertebral body.', 'Findings: The heart size is normal. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.']
['Findings:  Impression: Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum, and pleural surfaces. No evidence of intrathoracic malignancy or infection.', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Unremarkable chest radiographic examination.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  There is mild cardiomegaly.  Tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta is noted.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Lungs are well-expanded and clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  The upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Single portable view of the chest is compared to previous exam from ___.  There is persistent asymmetric opacity identified at the right lung base compared to the left, but is less confluent and when compared to prior.  There is no large effusion on the current exam.  Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but stable in configuration.  Atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic arch. Impression: Improving right basilar opacity which is compatible with pneumonia.  Continued followup to resolution is suggested.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with tortuosity of the aorta.  Opacification at the right base could reflect consolidation or some element of atelectasis.  Mild blunting of the costophrenic angles is again seen.  The right paratracheal opacification most likely represents dilated brachiocephalic vessels. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Concern for right lower lobe pneumonia, potentially associated with pleural effusion.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are low.  Allowing for low lung volumes, the cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  Streaky minor opacities in the lower lungs suggest minor atelectasis.  Otherwise, the lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The bony structures are unremarkable.  Views of the upper abdomen are limited but show air-fluid levels within the bowel of the epigastric region. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.  Low lung volumes with minor basilar atelectasis.  Non-specific air-fluid levels in the epigastric region.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Two views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are hyperexpanded with biapical increased lucency compatible with emphysema.  No focal consolidation is seen, with increased prominence of the right infrahilar pulmonary vessels, most likely due to patient rotation.  No pneumothorax or effusion is seen with normal heart size. Impression: Findings of emphysema without evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear of focal consolidation.  Mild biapical scarring is again seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pulmonary vascular congestion.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  The patient has had median sternotomy and coronary bypass grafting.  Sternal wires are aligned and intact.  Heart size is top normal, unchanged.  Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable and the lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or evidence of central lymph node enlargement.', 'Findings: Stable heart size.  Stable retrocardiac opacity.  Small left pleural effusion or thickening has improved.  Resolved right pleural effusion. Decreased pulmonary vascularity, which is now normal.  Sternotomy. Impression: Interval improvement', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Lungs overall clear.  Pacemaker leads terminate in right atrium and right ventricle.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Patient has had median sternotomy and coronary artery bypass grafting.  Mild cardiomegaly is stable.  Lungs are grossly clear and there is no pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Patient is status
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  The heart size is normal and stable from prior exam.  No focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No signs of pulmonary edema.  The mediastinal contour is stable.  The bony structures appear intact.  No free air is seen below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings, specifically normal heart size.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the lungs are well expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, pneumothorax, or focal airspace opacity. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  Mild biapical scarring is again seen.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lung volumes are low.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The posterior costophrenic sulci are not well visualized, but there is no clear indication of pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  A small-to-moderate quantity of free air is visualized under each hemidiaphragm, but anticipated following very recent abdominal surgery. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.  Free air, anticipated in the early post-surgical course.']
['Findings:  Impression: Left subclavian catheter tip is in thecavoatrial junction. Enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette has minimally decreased in size. Left lower lobe atelectasis has improved. If any small right effusion has improved. There is no pneumothorax. Tracheostomy tube is in standard position. Sternal wires are aligned. Left basal chest tube is in place. Enteric tubes are in unchanged position the tips are not included in the field of view', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pleural effusion on the right has substantially decreased. The effusion is now limited to the region of the costophrenic sinus.  Areas of atelectasis persist.  On the left, the moderately enlarged cardiac silhouette and the slightly wide and aortic arch are visible in unchanged manner.  Retrocardiac atelectasis persists. Unchanged alignment of the sternal wires, unchanged position of the hemodialysis catheter.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have decreased.  The effusion on the right has increased. Mild increase in size of
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits.  The bilateral hila are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  There is no evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is a dual-lead pacemaker device with leads terminating in the right atrium and ventricle, respectively.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Streaky posterior opacity on the lateral view suggests minor atelectasis, but otherwise the lungs appear clear.  There is no definite acute disease. Impression: ']
['Findings: suggestive of COPD. CT is the recommended study for  evaluation of lung malignancy. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT CHEST RADIOGRAPH  INDICATION:  Metastatic lung cancer, evaluation for pneumonia.  COMPARISON:  ___.  FINDINGS:  As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen with regard to the lung parenchyma.  The lung parenchyma is markedly overinflated and shows areas of emphysematous destruction, mixed with post-operative and post-infectious scars.  There is no new parenchymal opacity suggesting pneumonia.  Moderate cardiomegaly persists.  Marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  No pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are hyperinflated.  Surgical chain sutures projected over the left apex.  The lungs are clear of consolidation or effusion
['Findings: PA and lateral view of the chest were provided.  Lungs are well expanded.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.  There is no displaced rib fracture seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No displaced rib fracture seen, however if clinical concern for rib fracture persists, consider dedicated rib series, which is more sensitive.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low, which accentuates the transverse diameter of the heart. The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.The lungs are otherwise clear without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: The heart size is top normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax.  Lung volumes are low with mild bibasilar atelectasis.  There is no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. Calcification of the anterior longitudinal ligament throughout the thoracic spine is noted, consistent with diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis. Impression: Mild basilar atelectasis with no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  Dr. ___ ___ these results with Dr. ___ ___ telephone at 12:22 p.m. at the time of discovery.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:26 p.m.:  Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum and pleural surfaces.  No free subdiaphragmatic
['Findings: Single AP upright view of the chest provided. Lungs are hyperinflated and clear. No focal consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with a tortuous thoracic aorta again seen. Bony structures appear intact. Right shoulder prosthesis noted. Impression: No acute findings.']
['Findings:  Impression: There are persistent low lung volumes. Cardiomegaly is stable. Bibasilar opacities have improved on the right. The upper lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or enlarging effusions.']
['Findings:  Impression: Chest clear.']
['Findings: There is a hyperdense nodular opacity projecting over the left lung base that may represent a bone island in a rib vs. a calcified granuloma in the lung.  The lungs and pleural spaces are otherwise clear without evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusions.  The heart is normal in size.  There is no evidence of pneumoperitoneum.  Osseous structures are grossly intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: There has been no change since at least ___ in the disposition of following transvenous leads, right atrial and right ventricular and left ventricular pacer leads and a right ventricular pacer defibrillator lead.  Epicardial lead fragments are also unchanged in their positions.  Heart is normal size.  Lungs are grossly clear.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous image, 1 old pacing wire was removed. No evidence of complications such as pneumothorax or pericardial effusion.  Mild cardiomegaly.  Unchanged normal alignment of the sternal wires.  No pleural effusions.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Status post sternotomy, left pectoral pacemaker in situ.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia.  No lung nodules or masses.  Normal hilar and mediastinal structures. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  Median sternotomy wires are seen in appropriate position.  The left biventricular pacemaker and AIC
['Findings: There relatively low lung volumes, which accentuate the bronchovascular markings. Given this, no focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  There may be minimal central pulmonary vascular engorgement without overt pulmonary edema. Impression: Possible minimal central pulmonary vascular engorgement without overt pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged, with mild enlargement of cardiac silhouette noted.  Crowding of the bronchovascular structures is present as a result of the low lung volumes, with possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion, but no overt pulmonary edema.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Low lung volumes with possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are somewhat low.  Mild cardiac enlargement persists.  Pulmonary vascular engorgement and indistinctness of hilar structures is now seen consistent with mild pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. Impression: Mild pulmonary
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Comparison is made to a chest radiograph from ___.  There has been placement of a nasogastric tube whose tip is in the lower esophagus.  This could be advanced several centimeters for more optimal placement.  However, the catheter appears to be coursing towards the right side but is not within the right main stem bronchus.  The left-sided subclavian catheter has its distal lead tip in the distal SVC.  Heart size is upper limits of normal.  There is a very large hiatal hernia.  No pneumothoraces are identified. Impression: ', 'Findings: Comparison is made to prior study from ___.  There is a nasogastric tube whose tip and side port are below the GE junction. There is a prominent hiatal hernia which appears air filled.  There is prominence of pulmonary interstitial markings with atelectasis at the lung bases.  Evaluation for pneumothorax is limited; however, no pneumothoraces are seen. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrate clear lungs bilaterally. Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. Upper lobe pulmonary vasculature is equivalent in caliber to lower lobe vessels. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.No air under the right hemidiaphragm is identified. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion. No focal opacity convincing for pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:   Dr. ___ reported the findings to Dr. ___ by telephone on ___ at 8:44 AM, 4 minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The osseous structures are unremarkable no pneumothorax is identified Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities no pneumothorax identified, similar to study from yesterday', 'Findings: An azygos fissure is an incidental finding.  No consolidation or pulmonary edema.  Pleural surfaces are smooth and without an effusion.  Known tiny right apical pneumothorax is not seen on the current study.  No pneumothorax on the left.  Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Impression: Known tiny right apical pneumothorax is not seen on the current study.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Outside chest CT should be consulted for assessment of the chest cage and mediastinum.']
['Findings: A right PICC ends in the low superior vena cava. The lungs are clear without focal opacities, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Right PICC ends in the low SVC.']
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence of acute or chronic tuberculosis.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The imaged bony structures are intact.  There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Mild upper zone re-distribution.  2.  Prominence of the mediastinum, not fully characterized.  While this may be due to unfolding of the aorta and prominence of the hila due to pulmonary hypertension, this is not fully characterized on this exam.  Consider further assessment with PA and lateral chest x-ray and/or chest CT when clinically feasible.  3.  No obvious consolidation or gross effusion.', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  There is no pneumothorax, focal consolidation, or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal structure and transparency of the lung parenchyma.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema, no pleural effusion. A dense rounded structure in the right lung apex, projecting over the ventral part of the first right rib likely reflects that degenerative change in the sternocost
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The aorta is tortuous.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal and the hilar contours are within normal limits.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Minimal linear opacities within the left lung base likely reflect subsegmental atelectasis.  There is are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Lungs are well expanded.  New left lower lobe consolidation and possibly a small left pleural effusion.  Heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal hilar silhouettes are normal. Impression: Left lower lobe pneumonia.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Recommend follow-up radiographs in ___ weeks to assess for resolution.  At that point in time, dedicated chest CT should be considered to evaluate for an etiology predisposing to recurrent left lower lobe pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___ ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at approximately 10:10 AM, approximately 45 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.  There is mild enlargement of the hila.  A left lower lobe consolidation is concerning for pneumonia.  There is a peculiar constellation of linear structures in the right lung extending from the right hilus, where it is thicker, to the periphery.  These structures are of unclear etiology. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: 1. Left lower lobe
["Findings: Mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is unchanged.  The aortic knob is calcified.  The mediastinal contours are stable.  Mild pulmonary edema is present.  Prominent left epicardial fat pad is noted, as seen on prior exams, though a small left pleural effusion cannot be excluded. Bibasilar opacities may reflect atelectasis though infection is not excluded.  There is no pneumothorax.  Evaluation the lateral view is limited due to the patient's inability to raise her arms. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema. Bibasilar airspace opacities may reflect atelectasis though infection or aspiration cannot be excluded. Prominent left epicardial fat pad; small left pleural effusion may be present.", 'Findings: Moderate pulmonary edema, worsening moderate cardiomegaly, and widening of the vascular pedicle suggests congestive heart failure exacerbation.  Opacity of the left lower lung is likely due to pleural effusion and some component of atelectasis.  However, underlying infectious process such as pneumonia cannot be excluded.  There is no evidence of apical pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Worsening cardi
['Findings:  Impression: Mild opacification at the lung bases is most likely subsegmental atelectasis.  There is no appreciable pleural effusion.  Upper lungs are entirely clear.  Normal cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes.', 'Findings: The tip of the endotracheal tube is 2 cm from the carina.  The first side port of the nasogastric tube is within the lower esophagus and needs to be advanced 5 cm.  No focal consolidation or interstitial opacity.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: The nasogastric tube needs to be advanced approximately 5 cm. No acute intrathoracic pathology.']
['Findings: A right-sided dialysis catheter terminates in the right atrium.  Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Subtle airspace opacities are demonstrated throughout both lungs (right greater than left), predominantly at the bases which could represent atypical infection or mild pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: Subtle airspace opacities throughout both lungs, predominantly at the bases, which are increased from ___ and could represent atypical infection or mild pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has received a new right dialysis catheter.  There is no evidence of complications, notably no pneumothorax.  No evidence of active or non-active TB.  Small bilateral pleural effusions, better appreciated on the lateral than on the frontal radiograph.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  No evidence of active infection. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were performed.  A right subclavian dialysis catheter terminates within the right atrium.  A surgical
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Kyphoplasty/vertebroplasty noted in the lower thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Severe cardiomegaly is stable with elongation of the thoracic aorta.  There is central vascular congestion with few scattered ___ B-lines and upper zone redistribution, consistent with mild interstitial pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are stable.  Compression deformities of the thoracic spine are stable. Impression: Stable severe cardiomegaly with mild interstitial pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart is stably enlarged.  The lungs demonstrate ill-defined vasculature, suggestive of mild interstitial edema.  There is also patchy opacity at the left base, which may reflect patchy atelectasis or be related to the interstitial edema.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Subtle lucency underneath the right hemidiaphragm may represent pneumoperitoneum in this recently postoperative patient.', 'Findings: The heart is moderately enlarged, and there is mild pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema.  No focal consolidation or pleural effusion is noted.  No pneumothorax seen.  The
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiograph demonstrates a left subclavian approach hemodialysis catheter, its tip which projects over the anticipated location of the right atrium.  Heart size is upper limits of normal in size, likely exaggerated by slightly low lung volumes.  Blunting of the right costophrenic angle is consistent with a small to moderate pleural effusion.  There is mild central pulmonary vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema. There is no pneumothorax.  Imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable.  Vascular stent projects over left upper extremity. Impression: Mild central pulmonary vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema.  Small to moderate right pleural effusion. Left-sided dual lumen central venous catheter with distal tip in the right atrium.', 'Findings: Large bore right-sided catheter terminates in the right atrium. Heart size and mediastinal contours are normal. Aortic knob calcification is unchanged. Lungs are clear without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax. Impression: No focal consolidation or pleural effusion. Right tunneled catheter terminates in the right atrium.', '
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Single portable view of the chest demonstrates normal lung volumes.  There is no pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Retrocardiac opacity with rounded rounded lucencies, represents diaphragmatic hernia containing stomach and large bowel loops, better demonstrated on CT torso of ___.  No pulmonary edema. Impression: 1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Large right-sided diaphragmatic hernia.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Low lung volumes.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Lung volumes are low.  New areas of atelectasis at the right lung bases, minimal right pleural effusion.  Mild overinflation of the stomach.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without overt pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: There is near complete resolution of right upper lobe opacity, with minimal linear opacities remaining, representing resolving pneumonia or atelectasis.  No acute airspace or interstitial opacity.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Impression: Interval near complete resolution of the right upper lobe consolidation, with minimal residual linear opacities representing resolving/residual infection or atelectasis.  No chest radiographic evidence of new infection.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the right chest tube has been removed and there is no evidence of pneumothorax.  The amount of opacification at the right base has slightly decreased.  The Dobhoff tube again extends into the stomach, but the central catheter has been removed.', 'Findings:  Impression: Following the bronchial
['Findings:  Impression: COPD with chronic interstitial changes.  No mediastinal lung mass.']
["Findings: The heart size is mildly enlarged.  There are bilateral pleural effusions left greater than right.  There is bilateral lower lobe volume loss.  There is vascular redistribution and patchy areas of increased alveolar infiltrate. Impression: Compared to the prior study.  The pulmonary status appears worse.   this may be due to pulmonary edema and lower lobe volume loss however an underlying infectious infiltrate in the lower lobes can't be excluded.", "Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Again seen is a right PICC line with tip terminating at the cavoatrial junction.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours remain stable.  The left pleural effusion has resolved, but a small right pleural effusion remains, stable compared to yesterday's study.  Mild pulmonary edema persists.  Heterogeneous opacities in the right lung continue to improve.  Retained barium in the stomach and small bowel from recent study is noted. Impression: Continued improvement in right lung opacities.", 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little overall change in the extensive right upper lobe pneumonia.  Mild indistinctness of
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate clear lungs, without effusion or pneumothorax.  Two ECG lead markers are noted over the upper lung zones.  The heart size is normal, the mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities are present. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No radiopaque foreign body. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  There is mild residual opacity in the right lower lobe which could represent residual pneumonia.  Otherwise, the lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Mild RLL opacity - may represent residual infection.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient is after right lower lobe biopsy.  There is a zone of opacities adjacent to the right heart border and the medial aspects of the right hemidiaphragm.  No other lung parenchymal abnormalities are seen.  No pneumothorax.  No pleural effusions.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate normal heart size.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No displaced rib fracture identified. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.', 'Findings: Subtle peribron
['Findings: On the lateral view, there is a 2.8 cm rounded opacity of unclear etiology, projecting over the posterior aspect of the cardiac silhouette. Otherwise, no definite focal consolidation is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: 2.8 cm rounded opacity seen on the lateral view projecting over the posterior aspect of the cardiac silhouette, of unclear etiology. Suggest nonurgent chest CT for further evaluation.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The osseous structures are unremarkable Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities']
['Findings: There is bibasilar atelectasis, left greater than right.  Difficult to exclude underlying pneumonia. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. There are likely a small left pleural effusion. No pneumothorax is identified. Visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable without pneumoperitoneum. Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis, cannot exclude pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lung volumes are slightly low with subtle bronchovascular crowding in the lower lungs. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: Mild bronchovascular crowding in the
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette, small lung volumes, no pleural effusions, no pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax.  The course and position of the left subclavian line is constant. Impression: ', 'Findings: New Dobbhoff tube goes into the stomach and then curls back in the lower esophagus.  Left-sided subclavian line ends in lower SVC.  There is increase in left lower lobe opacity which could reflect either atelectasis, aspiration or pneumonia.  Pleural effusions are small if any.  There is no pneumothorax.  Cardiac congestion is mild.  ET tube ends 4.8 cm above the carina.  CONCLUSION:  1.  Dobbhoff tube goes into the stomach and then curls back into the lower esophagus.  2.  Increase in left lower lobe consolidation which could reflect atelectasis, pneumonia or aspiration.    Dr. ___ was paged at 2:30 p.m. Impression: ', 'Findings: Dobbhoff tube which was in the lower esoph
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Dual-lead left-sided AICD is again seen with leads unchanged in position, currently in expected positions of the right atrium and ventricle.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unchanged, with the cardiac silhouette mildly enlarged.  There is persistent blunting of the left costophrenic angle likely due to pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis.  Evidence of bilateral calcified pleural plaques is again seen.  Degenerative changes are seen along the spine.  No evidence of pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No significant interval change.', 'Findings:  Impression: Mild pulmonary edema.  Left lower lobe opacity could represent atelectasis or pneumonia with associated effusion.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___ and CTA from ___.  Again seen are bilateral calcified pleural plaques.  There is engorgement of the central pulmonary vasculature with mild indistinctness of the vessels.  There is a left-sided pleural effusion which is small but slightly larger compared to previous exam.  There is no
['Findings: Aside from mild atelectasis of the lung bases the lungs are well expanded and clear.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Multiple surgical clips project over the mediastinum.  Median sternotomy wires appear grossly intact. Impression: No pulmonary edema. Mild bibasilar atelectasis similar to the prior study.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change.  No pulmonary edema.  Unchanged bilateral areas of platelike atelectasis.  Unchanged alignment of the sternal wires.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well expanded, clear lungs. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No pneumonia.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or pulmonary vascular congestion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have increased and there is a decrease in extent and severity of the pre-existing parenchymal opacities, predominantly at the lung bases.  These changes are likely to reflect improvement in pulmonary edema.  Remnant changes, however, are still seen at the bases of the left and right lung.  Moderate cardiomegaly persists.  No evidence of larger pleural effusions. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has been extubated and the nasogastric tube has been removed.  Moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly persists.  Also persisting are signs of mild-to-moderate fluid overload.  No larger pleural effusions.  No pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___, 8:46 a.m.:  Over 10 hours previously, severe global pulmonary consolidation has substantially improved, though not cleared, indicating the diagnosis of edema, not pneumonia or pulmonary hemorrhage.  Heart is mildly enlarged.  Pleural effusions are small.  No pneumothorax.  ET tube is in standard
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal size.  There is no consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.  Screws are noted in the left proximal humerus.  Anterior wedge compression fracture of T___ vertebral body is new compared to ___. Impression: 1. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size. 2. Anterior wedge compression fracture of T___ vertebral body is new since ___.  NOTIFICATION:   The impression 2.  Discussed with Dr. ___, ___D. by ___, ___D. on the telephone on ___ at 9:___ AM, ___ minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings: Nasogastric tube extends to the lower body of the stomach.  No change in the appearance of the heart and lungs since the study of ___, other than those changes that would be expected when moving from an upright PA to a portable AP projection. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, the patient has taken a much better inspiration.  Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and there is no evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  The aorta is partially calcified. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: Combination of moderate right pleural effusion and bibasilar atelectasis unchanged.  Upper lungs clear.  Heart size top-normal.  Mild mediastinal venous engorgement unchanged.  No pneumothorax.  Esophageal feeding tube ends in the stomach.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study
['Findings:  Impression: Lung volumes are still very low.  Moderate bibasilar atelectasis has worsened and could obscure pneumonia.  Upper lungs are clear.  Heart size is normal.  Pleural effusion small any.  No pneumothorax.  .', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lung volumes are low with bibasilar atelectasis noted.  No convincing sign of pneumonia edema effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is difficult to assess.  Mediastinal contour is normal.  No acute bony abnormalities. Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis.  Please refer to subsequent CT of the chest for further details.', 'Findings: Lung volumes of slightly increased in their slightly less atelectasis at the lung bases, particularly in the right medial lower lobe. There tiny pleural effusions.  There is no convincing pneumonia.  Heart size remains top-normal in rib.  As before, there is degenerative change in the right glenohumeral joint and disc degeneration to a mild degree in the thoracic and upper lumbar spine.  Air-filled loops of bowel in the upper
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: A right-sided central venous catheter terminates in the upper to mid SVC.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Right-sided central venous catheter terminates in the upper to mid SVC.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Midline sternotomy wires, aortic valve replacement and upper to mid thoracic spinal hardware is again noted.  The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, effusion, or signs of CHF.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Bony structures appear intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: An accessed right chest wall Port-A-Cath is in place, terminating in the upper right atrium. There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax.  Retrocardiac opacity in the left lung base could reflect  pneumonia. No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia is seen. Impression: Left lower lobe consolidation concerning for pneumonia. A lateral view would be helpful for confirmation.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low. The heart size is normal. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality is present. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear.  Bony structures appear within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged.  The lungs are clear without evidence of effusion.  Soft tissues and osseous structures are normal.  There is mild dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. Impression: Normal examination of the chest.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous examination from an outside hospital, there is no relevant change.  Low lung volumes without evidence of pulmonary edema or pneumonia.  No pleural effusions.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal hilar and mediastinal contours. Impression: ']
['Findings: There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. The chest is hyperinflated. Slight blunting along the left costophrenic angle suggests a trace effusion or perhaps minor scarring. There is no evidence for pleural effusion on the right. The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinal contours appear normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  There is relative osteopenia. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is a large hiatal hernia with adjacent atelectasis.  Bibasilar opacities likely represent combination of the above, without clear focal consolidation.  No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The aorta is calcified and tortuous.  Cardiac silhouette size is mildly enlarged.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: Cardiomegaly without overt pulmonary edema.  Large hiatal hernia with adjacent basilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low.  Heart size is difficult to assess but may be mild to moderately enlarged.  There is mild pulmonary edema with perihilar haziness and vascular indistinctness.  Small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right, are noted.  Bibasilar airspace opacities may reflect atelectasis but infection or aspiration cannot be excluded.  There is no pneumothorax.  Mild gaseous distention of the colonic loops of bowel is present.  There are diffuse atherosclerotic calcifications.  There is diffuse demineralization of the osseous structures. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.  Bibasilar airspace opacities may reflect atelectasis but infection or aspiration cannot be excluded.']
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.  Mild elongation of the descending aorta.  No pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia.  Hypotrophic first right rib.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Borderline size of the heart, the shape of the heart is near normal.  Moderate elongation of the descending aorta.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia, no pleural effusions.  Minimal retrocardiac atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little overall change.  Relatively low lung volumes accentuate the transverse diameter of the heart.  No evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion.  Blunting of the left costophrenic angle represents either small effusion or more likely pleural thickening.  Retrocardiac opacification again most likely represents atelectasis.  In the appropriate clinical setting, it would be difficult to exclude superimposed pneumonia in this region, especially in the absence of a lateral view.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lungs
['Findings: The patient has an unchanged tracheostomy. The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs appear clear. There is similar mild to moderate rightward convex curvature centered along the mid thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: The heart size, mediastinal, and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear and well expanded without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax. Tracheostomy tube is angled towards the left wall of the trachea, with its termination approximately 6-7 cm above the carina. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No evidence of pneumonia. Tracheostomy tube is angled towards the left wall of the trachea.']
['Findings: The lungs are moderately well inflated with subtle retrocardiac opacity.  No pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart is top-normal in size.  Mediastinal contour and hila are unremarkable. Impression: Subtle left base opacity most likely represents atelectasis however early pneumonia cannot be excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidations.  The pleura and hila are normal.  Previously seen left lower lobe atelectasis no longer visualized with pulmonary vasculature now within normal limits. Impression: Normal chest x-ray.']
['Findings: The heart is of normal size with normal cardiomediastinal contours. The lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No radiopaque foreign body. Impression: No evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  A faint ___-mm nodular opacity projecting within the left lower lobe and left anterior 7th rib is noted. Remainder of the lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  No acute osseous abnormalities are seen. Impression: ___-mm nodular left lower lobe opacity, for which further assessment with chest CT is recommended. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality otherwise identified.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Left basal atelectasis noted.  Lung volumes are low.  No convincing sign of pneumonia or edema.  No large effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  The imaged bony structures are intact. Impression: Left basal atelectasis.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation is seen.  There are relatively low lung volumes on the frontal view.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: Top-normal to mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette without overt pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Posterior left rib deformities are old.  There is no visualized acute fracture. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: No previous images.  The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal in size and there is tortuosity of the aorta, which is enhanced by the oblique view.  No evidence of acute focal pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  Specifically, no pneumothorax is identified. Impression: ']
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  As demonstrated on the prior CT, innumerable small nodules are again seen in both lungs in a miliary pattern.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  The patient is status post right mastectomy.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: Innumerable miliary nodules compatible with known metastatic disease, better assessed on the recent CT.  No focal consolidation.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance.  Apparent elevation of right hemidiaphragm probably reflects a subpulmonic right pleural effusion with adjacent partial atelectasis of the right middle and right lower lobes.  On the left, there is a moderate pleural effusion with worsening adjacent retrocardiac atelectasis and/or consolidation. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance.  There is slight interval improvement in the aeration of the lungs compared to the prior exam. There has been interval improvement in the small right pleural effusion, with an adjacent consolidation likely secondary to atelectasis. Small left pleural effusion is stable.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Slight interval improvement in the right pleural effusion, with an adjacent consolidation likely secondary to atelectasis, however an infectious process cannot be excluded.', 'Findings: A left Port-A-Cath is unchanged in position with tip projecting over the cavoatrial junction.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are
['Findings: Baseline diffuse parenchymal abnormality characterized by fine reticular interlobular septal thickening is compatible with emphysema.  A rounded opacity projecting over the heart is unchanged, and most likely due to atelectasis.  Right lower lobe linear atelectasis or scarring is also unchanged. There is no new consolidation or pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax.  Spinal degenerative changes and generalized osteopenia are stable. Metallic clips in the right upper quadrant denote prior cholecystectomy. Impression: No acute pulmonary disease.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs remain hyperinflated, suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  Areas of bibasilar atelectasis are seen, right greater than left consistent with atelectasis/scarring.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Degenerative changes are seen along the spine. Impression: 1.  COPD.  2. Bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings:  Impression: New endotracheal tube is in standard position.  Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.  Lungs clear.  No pleural abnormality.', 'Findings: Nodular opacity described on thoracic spine radiograph of ___ is not evident on this dedicated chest radiograph, and could have been due to summation of structures related to low lung volumes on that exam.  Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs and pleural surfaces are clear appear Impression: No evidence of lung nodule', 'Findings: Tip of the right Port-A-Cath terminates in the mid SVC.  The lungs are free of consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Tip of the right Port-A-Cath terminates in the mid SVC.']
["Findings: Semi-upright portable view of the chest demonstrates low lung volumes.  Bibasilar opacities most likely represent atelectasis.  Small left pleural effusion is present.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart size is normal.  Round opacity projecting over the hilar and cardiac silhouette is no longer visualized compatible with patient's history of cyst resection.  No pneumothorax.  Right-sided chest tube is in place.  Partial imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Bibasilar opacities, likely atelectasis and small left pleural effusion.", 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, lung volumes have substantially increased, reflecting improved ventilation.  All pre-existing areas of atelectasis have completely resolved.  The size of the cardiac silhouette is now normal.  No hilar or mediastinal abnormalities.  No pleural effusions. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Slightly increasing areas of atelectasis at both lung bases.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema.
['Findings: As compared to the prior examination, there has been no significant interval change.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema identified.  Stable, mild cardiomegaly is noted.  The aorta is slightly tortuous.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise stable. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable, mild cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear of consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No displaced rib fractures are identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or consolidation.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', "Findings
['Findings: The heart is mildly to moderately enlarged.  There is no discrete focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Mediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: Mild to moderate cardiomegaly.  No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison to recent radiograph of ___, there has not been appreciable change in the appearance of the chest.']
['Findings: There is minimal pulmonary vascular congestion.  No focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal.  Mediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. Impression: Minimal pulmonary vascular congestion.  No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinum is normal.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.']
['Findings:  Impression: Lung volumes are normal. Skin fold projecting over the right upper chest should not be mistaken for pneumothorax. Partial obscuration of the right heart border is probably due to mediastinal fat. No focal pulmonary abnormality seen. Pleural surfaces normal. Heart size normal.  Very small hiatus hernia may be present.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No findings to suggest a pneumothorax.']
['Findings: The cardiac silhouette size is top normal.  The aorta is tortuous.  Calcifications within the right hilum likely reflect prior granulomatous disease.  The pulmonary vascularity is not engorged.  Tiny calcified granuloma is demonstrated within the right mid lung field.  There is minimal linear atelectasis in the left lung base.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  Mild degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: Linear atelectasis in the left lung base.  Evidence of prior granulomatous disease.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality otherwise identified.']
['Findings: The upright and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm is noted.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Overall heart and mediastinal configuration is unchanged.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.  Stable right hemidiaphragmatic elevation.']
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The aortic knob is calcified.  The mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  Patchy opacities are noted in the lung bases which is concerning for infection.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There is likely mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  No acute osseous abnormalities are visualized. Impression: Patchy bibasilar airspace opacities are concerning for infection in the correct clinical setting.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.    Compared to prior study, there has been no significant interval change.  There is no evidence of focal opacity to suggest pneumonia.  Several small areas of plate like atelectasis are again noted bilaterally.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours and pleural surfaces are stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Heart.  Size is within normal limits.  Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette from ___.  No pneumothorax.  Lung fields are clear. Impression: No acute
['Findings: The lung volumes are low.  Moderate cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema or other abnormalities.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: Following removal of chest tubes, a small right apical pneumothorax has slightly increased in size since recent study of earlier the same date.  No other relevant interval changes', 'Findings: The right-sided catheter is again seen, similar in position.  There is been progressive re-expansion of the right lung, with decrease in size of the right apical pneumothorax and of the pneumothorax seen at the right lung base.  There is residual atelectasis at the right lung base, but this is also improved.  There does appear to be a small right effusion, similar prior, within associated hydro pneumothorax fluid level.  The sizable bleb seen at the upper edge of the right lung on the prior study is not now visualized, but this may be due to changes in the configuration of the lung as it expands.  Again seen are sutures at the left lung apex in this the patient with a known history or prior left-sided pneumothorax. Impression: Continuing re-expansion of the right lung, with interval decrease in size of the right apical and right base pneumothoraces and improvement in the right base atelect
['Findings:  Impression: There are no prior chest radiographs available for review.  Low lung volumes exaggerate what is mild pulmonary edema if any.  Consolidation at the left lung base however is probably genuine, either atelectasis or recent major aspiration or pneumonia.  An apparent intraluminal nodule at the bifurcation of the left main bronchus could be an overlying artifact.  Re-evaluation with conventional radiographs is recommended, when feasible.  Small pleural effusions are likely.  No pneumothorax.  Heart is mildly enlarged.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Repeat chest radiographs, conventional if possible, at full inspiration to evaluate left bronchial tree and the severity of pulmonary edema and left lower lobe consolidation if any.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the size of the cardiac silhouette has increased.  There is an increase in vascular markings and vascular diameters, strongly suggesting the presence of mild to moderate pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  Mild retrocardiac atelectasis but no evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs most recently ___.  Mild cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular engorgement have both improved.  There is no pulmonary edema.  Pleural effusion minimal if any.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are is probably unchanged allowing for decrease in lung volumes.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: The right costophrenic angle is not fully included on the image.  Subtle relatively linear right base opacity on the frontal view, not substantiated on the lateral view, most likely represents atelectasis rather than focal consolidation.  The left lung is clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Aortic knob calcification is noted.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: ', 'Findings: Mild bibasilar atelectasis.  There is a new small left pleural effusion.  No right pleural effusion.  Heart size, mediastinal contour, and hila are unremarkable.  No pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Bibasilar atelectasis. 2.  Small left pleural effusion.']
["Findings:  Impression: 1.  The lungs are somewhat hyperinflated with relative paucity of vasculature in the upper lobes suggestive of bullous emphysematous changes.  There is crowding of the vasculature in both lower lobes.  A more focal patchy opacity at the left base likely represents superimposed vessels and costochondral calcifications rather than early airspace consolidation.  However, if the patient's symptoms persist, followup imaging would be advised.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are unchanged.  Calcification of the aorta consistent with atherosclerosis.  No pneumothorax.", 'Findings: Single portable AP chest radiograph was provided.  Lungs are well expanded.  They appear hyperlucent with increased reticulation, likely representing emphysema.  No large focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  Retrocardiac opacities are incompletely evaluated and may be normal but difficult to evaluate on this single projection.  There are calcifications of the aorta.  The bones are osteopenic. Impression: Findings consistent with emphysema.  Retrocardiac opacities
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Amplatz closure device projects over the cardiac silhouette. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. Lungs are clear. Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No evidence of tuberculosis.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Subtle right lower chest opacities are more conspicuous as compared to the prior study and not definitively seen on chest CT from ___, worrisome for worsening metastatic disease.  There is also increase in the left mid to lower lung opacity raising concern for left lower lobe consolidation which could be related to infection and/or metastatic disease.  Evidence of multiple left rib lateral lesions again seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The right chest tube has been removed.  There is no pneumothorax.  Small bilateral pleural effusions and left lower lobe atelectasis are unchanged.  Overall unchanged from study done five hours prior. Impression: Chest tube has been removed.  No pneumothorax.  Lung findings are unchanged compared to study done five hours earlier.', 'Findings: A right large-bore internal jugular approach catheter tip remains in unchanged position within the upper SVC.  A right basilar chest tube tip also remains in stable position.  There are scattered areas of right greater than left basilar atelectasis.  In addition
['Findings: IMPRESSION (PFI): ___ ___ ___ 6:20 PM  Cardiomegaly and interstitial edema compatible with continued heart failure. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT HISTORY:  ___-year-old male with dyspnea despite diuresis and good oxygen saturations.  STUDY:  Portable AP upright chest radiograph.  COMPARISON:  ___ and ___.  FINDINGS:  Midline sternotomy wires are unchanged.  The pacers/defibrillating improved projecting over the left chest with leads in the right ventricle.  The heart size is enlarged, similar to prior studies.  The lungs demonstrate no consolidation, but mild interstitial edema.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: (PFI): ___ ___ ___ 6:20 PM  Cardiomegaly and interstitial edema compatible with continued heart failure. ______________________________________________________________________________                       
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  No effusion, consolidation or pneumothorax is present.  The heart and mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Minimally increase lung volumes, potentially reflecting improved ventilation. However, the innumerable bilateral nodules are seen in unchanged manner.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to chest CTA performed 1 day prior, cardiomediastinal contours are stable. Diffuse pulmonary nodules and masses appear unchanged, consistent with widespread metastatic disease. No definite new areas of consolidation, but subtle parenchymal process would be difficult to detect on a portable radiograph given the extent of metastatic disease in the lungs.', 'Findings: There are innumerable nodular opacities throughout both lungs, consistent with known metastatic pulmonary nodules. Overall, the appearance is grossly unchanged compared with ___.  No obvious new infiltrate is identified. However, the extent of the abnormality makes it difficult to identify a subtle superimposed pneumonic infiltrate or other subtle superimposed opacity. Impression: As above.', 'Findings: were discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ ___ telephone at  21:08 on ___, ___ min after discovery. ______________________________________________________________________________      
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is mild cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no focal lung consolidation.  ICD lead ends in the right ventricle. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The aortic knob is mildly calcified.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal and the lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax is seen.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  Mild scoliosis with asymmetry of the rib cage.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusion. Impression: ']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  There is no pulmonary edema. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Upright portable radiograph of the chest demonstrates low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  The heart size is top normal, but unchanged compared to the prior study.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is present.  There is no pleural effusion, overt pulmonary edema, or focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  No pneumothorax is identified.  A nasogastric tube is seen coursing through the esophagus, into the stomach, and terminating in the gastric body. Impression: Appropriate position of NG tube, terminating in the gastric body. Pulmonary vascular congestion with no overt pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: A linear opacities at the bilateral lung bases may represent subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring.  No other focal opacities are identified.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Atherosclerotic calcifications are noted at the aortic knob. Impression: Bibasilar opacities suggestive of atelectasis howver infection cannot be excluded.']
['Findings: Right pectoral infusion port terminates in upper SVC.  Mild left lung base opacity is likely due to atelectasis and overlying soft tissues.  There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are unchanged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  There is asymmetric density projecting over the left ___ costochondral junction when compared to the right.  This could be due to degenerative changes.  However given vague opacity in Raiders triangle on the lateral view, shallow obliques are suggested to confirm.  Elsewhere, at the lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.  Asymmetric density projecting over the left ___ costochondral junction which is likely degenerative in nature however shallow bilateral oblique suggested to confirm.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change is noted.  Stable position of the left PICC line.  No pulmonary
['Findings: A mild background generalized interstitial abnormality is identified.  There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Scoliosis is noted centered within the mid thoracic spine. Impression: Age-indeterminate mild generalized background interstitial abnormality.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Background COPD.  2.  Borderline cardiomegaly.  Dual-lead pacemaker.  3.  Bilateral small effusions with left lower lobe collapse and/or consolidation.  4.  Atelectasis with possible small opacity at right base.', 'Findings:  Impression: Mild interstitial edema with overlying confluent opacities in both lower lobes that could represent atelectasis or pneumonia.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without evidence of pulmonary edema or consolidation.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged from the prior exam.  Atherosclerotic calcifications are noted in the aorta.  A dual-chamber pacemaker is present with the wires in proper position.  Evidence of an abdominal aortic stent is partially visualized on the lateral radiograph. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: Left chest wall pacemaker is seen with leads in unchanged position. Since the prior radiograph, there appears to
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  The mediastinum is not widened.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Mediastinum is not widened.', 'Findings:  Impression: Normal chest.', 'Findings: There is persistent mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  Slight increase in opacity at the lung bases is felt to most likely be due to overlying soft tissue, which could be confirmed with PA and lateral views.  No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen.  The mediastinal width is normal and not widened.  The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged.  Hilar contours are within normal limits. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes without pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart size is normal.  There
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate intact median sternotomy wires and CABG clips.  Crowding of bronchovascular bundles in the retrocardiac region likely represents atelectasis.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient has made a substantially lesser respiratory effort.  Therefore, vascular and bronchial structures are crowding throughout the lung.  As a consequence, it is difficult to determine whether pulmonary edema is present, but the presence of pulmonary edema definitely would be likely.  The most current radiograph would be assessed without comparison.  Status post CABG, the sternal wires are in correct alignment.  No pleural effusions. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the pre-existing pulmonary edema has decreased.  The appearance of the lungs is back to the near normal status.  Moderate cardiomegaly and absence of pleural effusions.  The sternal wires are in correct alignment.  No pneumothorax.  No
['Findings: There is minimal left base atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: RIGHT CONVEX SCOLIOSIS. HEART SIZE IS NORMAL.  NO PNEUMONIA OR LUNG NODULES.  SPIRAL DENSITY PROJECTED IN THE RIGHT MIDLUNG IS SEEN TO OVERLIE THE ANTERIOR CHEST WALL SOFT TISSUES ON THE LATERAL VIEW AND MAY BE RELATED TO EXTERNAL ARTIFACT. Impression: NO PNEUMONIA.']
['Findings: PA and lateral images of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded.  There may be mild interstitial edema, though no overt edema or pneumonia is seen.  The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Severe degenerative changes are seen in the left shoulder, with a probable loose body seen.  Right shoulder arthroplasty is noted. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are relatively hyperinflated, suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  Extensive costochondral calcification is seen.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable with the cardiac silhouette mildly enlarged and the aortic calcified and tortuous.  Partially imaged is a right humeral prosthesis.  Degenerative changes at the left shoulder with a possible loose body again seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: One AP upright and lateral view of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation.  Heart is mildly enlarged and there is mild vascular congestion.  There is no pleural eff
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear and the pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Mild degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine.  There is no free air under the diaphragms. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  Evidence of the DISH is seen along the spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No significant interval change.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal. The aorta remains tortuous and diffusely calcified. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. Linear opacities within the periphery of the right lung base likely reflect areas of scarring. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Mild degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is minimal right middle lobe atelectasis/scarring without definite focal consolidation, similar to the prior study.  No pleural effusion is seen.  The aorta remains calcified and tortuous.  The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. Degenerative changes are seen at the acromioclavicular joints. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No radiopaque foreign body is identified. Osseous structures are grossly intact. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. No radiopaque foreign bodies identified.']
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are low.  Mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema.  Bilateral basal parenchymal opacities, potentially associated to small bilateral pleural effusions.  Rounded opacity with a diameter of 1.5 cm located in the right lung apex.  Retrocardiac atelectasis. Although the bilateral basal opacities could represent both atelectasis or pneumonia, the right apical rounded opacity should be further worked up by CT, to exclude a neoplastic lesion. At the time of dictation and observation, the finding was post a to the radiology dashboard.', 'Findings:  Impression: Substantial progression of pulmonary edema has been demonstrated with a moderate to severe interstitial pulmonary edema associated with bilateral pleural effusions seen. Bibasal consolidations are noted.  No pneumothorax is seen. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is a slight improvement of the bilateral basal parenchymal opacities.  Bilateral pleural effusions are still seen. Mild retrocardiac atelectasis.  The
['Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of pneumonia, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette is normal in size. Impression: Normal chest x-ray.']
['Findings: AP upright chest radiograph demonstrates clear lungs bilaterally.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema.  No nondisplaced rib fracture is identified.. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.  No displaced rib fracture.  If concern for rib fracture persists, consider dedicated rib films with radiopaque marker indicating the site of clinical concern.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient is now off the hernia repair. There is a moderate amount of free intraperitoneal air, associated to the presence of to postoperative drains.  Low lung volumes. Crowding of vascular structures at the lung bases. Mild hilar enlargement, vascular in origin.  No overt pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are obtained.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable.  There has been interval mild increase in anterior wedging of a lower thoracic vertebral body with adjacent degenerative change seen. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. Small bilateral pleural effusion with subsequent atelectasis.  The changes are better visualized on the lateral than on the frontal image. Moderate cardiomegaly.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema, no pneumothorax. Unchanged sternal wires and right internal jugular vein catheter.', 'Findings: As compared to the recent study of one day earlier, there has been no relevant short interval change in the appearance of the chest. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate mild asymmetry at the right lung base compared to the left.  This may represent overlying breast shadow although in the right clinical situation, pneumonia cannot be ruled out.  There is no evidence of vascular congestion or interstitial edema.  No pleural effusions are identified.  No pneumothorax is seen.  The heart, mediastinum, and hilar contours are normal. Impression: Mild opacification at the right base which may, in the right clinical situation, represent pneumonia.  No evidence of pulmonary edema
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The heart size is mildly enlarged.  Increased opacity at the medial right lung apex is increased since ___.  Though this may represent a mediastinal vessel, a mass is not excluded.  Pulmonary vascular markings are unremarkable.  No focal consolidation, substantial pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No radiopaque foreign body. Impression: An opacity at the medial right lung apex has increased since ___.  Non-emergent CT (ideally with contrast) is recommended for further evaluation.  Findings were communicated via phone on ___ at ___ by Dr. ___ to Dr. ___.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Portable AP upright chest radiograph was obtained.  Low lung volumes limit evaluation.  Heart size appears top normal and stable.  Left mid lung linear density is likely atelectasis.  No definite signs of pneumonia or overt CHF.  No large pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  There is an old left rib cage deformity along the left fifth posterior arch. Impression: Low lung volumes, mild cardiomegaly.  Otherwise unremarkable.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low, which results in bronchovascular crowding.  An area of increased density at the left base likely represents a sclerotic focus in left ninth rib.  The heart is not enlarged.  The aorta is tortuous.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There are linear opacities in the left lower lobe likely representing subsegmental atelectasis.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: 1.  Left basilar atelectasis.  2.  No definite focal consolidation.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation is present.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  No focal consolidations.  Normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette.  No pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Impression: No evidence of displaced rib fracture or pneumothorax.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Compared to prior, there is improved left basilar aeration compared to prior.  Retrocardiac air-fluid level is suggestive of a hiatal hernia unchanged from priors.  Posterior costophrenic angles are not well seen potentially due to effusions.  Superiorly, the lungs are clear.  Cardiac enlargement stable.  No acute osseous abnormalities detected.  Left PICC is seen with tip in the mid SVC. Impression: Probable small bilateral effusions without acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Calcified lesion in the left axillary region is unchanged.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the ovoid calcification projecting over the soft tissues of the axilla.  This could represent a calcified node or less likely a skin lesion.  The lungs are clear without infiltrate or effusion.  The bony thorax is normal.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change in the the large cavitary mass in the right lower lung with multiple nodular metastases scattered throughout both sides.  Blunting of the costophrenic angles is again seen.  Moderate hiatal hernia remains visible.', 'Findings: Compared to the prior study there is no significant interval change. Impression: No change.', 'Findings: Numeral bilateral pulmonary nodules/masses are again seen. The largest is located within the right lower lobe with some areas of central lucency better seen on the lateral view and prior chest CT. Small bilateral pleural effusions are noted. There is a moderate hiatal hernia. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise unremarkable. No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Diffuse bilateral pulmonary metastases. Given significant burden of disease, evaluation for subtle new opacity is limited although none is definitively seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is increasing opacification at both bases. Although some of this could merely represent atelectasis, in the appropriate clinical setting the appearance is worrisome for developing pneumonia.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Persistent multifocal bilateral parenchymal opacities persist, perhaps minimally improved since ___ in the right upper lung.  No frank pulmonary edema.  Heart size is normal.  No pneumothorax. Impression: Persistent multi focal bilateral the goal pass views, slightly improved since ___ but remain concerning for multifocal pneumonia or an atypical infection including PCP.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change in the diffuse bilateral pulmonary opacifications consistent with multifocal pneumonia.  The left hemidiaphragm is not well seen, suggesting accompanying pleural effusion on this side.', 'Findings: Relatively low lung volumes are seen.  Irregular opacity projecting over the left upper lung as well as bibasilar opacities are similar compared to prior x-ray.  Findings may be due to combination of atelectasis or chronic changes from prior infection.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Persistent bibasilar and left upper lung interstitial abnormality which have not significantly changed since ___ exam.  Consider PA and lateral
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  Dextroscoliosis of the T-spine is noted with associated deformity of the thorax.  Allowing for this, lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: No acute findings.  Please refer to subsequent CT chest for further details.']
['Findings: There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation.  Prominence of the pulmonary arteries is consistent with pulmonary arterial hypertension and is unchanged.  There is evidence of emphysema within the upper lobes.  Heart size is unchanged and top normal in size.  There is an exaggerated senile kyphosis of the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Portable semi-upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates an enlarged cardiac silhouette, with sternotomy wires.  Left-sided 2 lead pacemaker is present, with lead tips over right atrium and right ventricle.  The pulmonary vasculature is indistinct.  There is a right lower lobe opacity, not seen on prior examination, concerning for pneumonia in the appropriate clinical context.  A small right pleural effusion may be present. Patchy opacity at the left base may represent atelectasis.  Surgical clips are seen in the right upper abdomen immediately to the left of midline.  . Impression: Findings consistent with CHF/ edema.  Right lower lobe opacity, of uncertain etiology or significance.  The differential includes atelectasis in the setting of CHF.  However, in the appropriate clinical context, it is concerning for pneumonia.  This should be followed to assess for evolution/confirm resolution.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Follow-up chest radiographs to assess for evolution/resolution of opacity at the right lung base.', 'Findings:  Impression: Cardiomegaly is substantial.  There is interval improvement in interstitial pulmonary edema
['Findings: Mild hyperinflation of the lungs results in relative flattening of both hemidiaphragms. The lungs are grossly clear, with no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. No displaced rib fractures are identified. Impression: Hyperinflation, with no displaced rib fracture or focal airspace consolidation.']
['Findings: Low bilateral lung volumes with interval increase in size of the pleural effusions, particularly the left.  Interval worsening of the patchy airspace opacities in both lungs which may reflect pulmonary edema or multifocal pneumonia.  No pneumothorax identified.  The evaluation of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is limited secondary to the adjacent pleural effusions. Impression: Interval increase in size of the pleural effusions, particularly on the left.  Increasing patchy airspace opacities bilaterally which may reflect worsening pulmonary edema or multifocal pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: Small, left greater than right, pleural effusions. Diffuse ground glass opacities consistent with mild pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are her unchanged.  There is interval improvement in the right upper lung consolidation.  There is no change or minimal improvement in the left upper lung opacity.  Large bilateral pleural effusions are moderate, overall unchanged.  There is no pneumothorax.  Bilateral postradiation changes are similar to previous examinations', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___ through ___
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal and the lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Comparison is made to a previous study from ___.    There is a right IJ Cordis with distal lead tip in the proximal SVC.  Unchanged cardiomegaly is seen.  Valvular replacement is present.  Numerous surgical clips are seen about the heart.  There is marked cardiomegaly which is stable.  There has been worsening of the pulmonary edema since the previous study.  There are small bilateral pleural effusions.  There are no pneumothoraces. Impression: ', 'Findings: The patient is status post aortic valve replacement and probably coronary artery bypass graft surgery.  A right internal jugular venous catheter terminates at approximately the confluence of the right internal jugular vein with the right subclavian.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  There is similar volume loss at the left lung base with patchy atelectasis.  It is difficult to exclude a pleural effusion on the left.  There is no indication of pleural effusion on the right. Impression: Right internal jugular catheter terminating at the confluence of the right internal jugular and subclav
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no free intraperitoneal air below the hemidiaphragms.  The osseous structures are unremarkable without evidence of a fracture. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process or evidence of a fracture.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: The heart is normal in size and there is no evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Very small region of peribronchial infiltration in the left lower lobe, projecting just inferior to the apex of the left hemidiaphragm medial to the midclavicular line.  Lungs are otherwise clear.  Heart size normal.  No pleural effusion or evidence of central adenopathy
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Hypertrophic changes are noted in the spine without acute osseous abnormality. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or cardiomegaly. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest radiographs read in conjunction with torso CT on ___:  ET tube ends at the upper margin of the clavicles, 6 cm above the carina and could be advanced 15 mm for more secured seating.  Right lung is clear.  There is loss of volume in the left lung and mass and atelectasis in the mid portion, though better delineated on the torso CT, ___.  This left pleural effusion is small if any.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Surgical clips seen in the neck.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size and mediastinum are stable. Tracheostomy is in place. Lungs are essentially clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there are lower lung volumes with mild streaks of atelectasis at the bases. However, no evidence of aspiration. Tracheostomy tube remains in place.', 'Findings: Dobbhoff tube has tip ending in proximal gastric cavity and can be advanced 5 cm.  Tracheostomy tube is in standard position and unchanged since ___.  Lung is well inflated and clear, without consolidation, nodules.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: New Dobbhoff tube has tip ending in proximal gastric cavity and can be advanced 5 cm.  Exam is otherwise unchanged since ___.  Findings were paged to Dr. ___ at 4:10 p.m. by Dr. ___.', 'Findings:  Impression: Tracheostomy tube remains in satisfactory position.  There is persistent faint patchy opacity at
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear with no consolidation, and pulmonary vasculature is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No pneumonia']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  There is no free air below the right hemidiaphragm.  The lungs appear clear bilaterally.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal.  No effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The bony structures are intact. Impression: No acute abnormalities, no free air below the right hemidiaphragm.', 'Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes are appropriate. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormality is detected. Impression: No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is little change.  No evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  No evidence of compression fracture.
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and well-aerated lungs without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Normal heart size.']
['Findings: Mild right mid lung and lower lung linear opacities seen on the frontal view are not appreciated on the lateral view and most likely relate to atelectasis.  The left lung is clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged.  The aorta is calcified and slightly tortuous.  Surgical clips overlie the right axilla. Impression: Mild linear opacities in the right mid-to-lower lung on the frontal view, not appreciated on the lateral view, most likely relate to atelectasis.  No definite focal consolidation.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1) No pneumothorax detected.   2) Cardiomegaly and adenopathy. 3) Increased right pleural fluid.  Probable small left pleural effusion.  Atelectasis at both bases.', 'Findings: There is interval decrease in size of moderate right pleural effusion status post thoracentesis with persistent patchy opacification at the right lung base compatible with re-expansion pulmonary edema.  There is no definite evidence of pneumothorax.  The left lung remains clear.  The cardiac silhouette is enlarged but stable.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits. Impression: Interval decrease in right pleural effusion status post thoracentesis with re-expansion pulmonary edema of the right lung base.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: may reflect pulmonary edema, although an infectious process should also be considered.  Overall, the mediastinal contours are stable.  The heart remains stably enlarged.  There is a coronary stent in place.  No large pneumothorax is appreciated, although the sensitivity to detect pneumothorax is diminished given sup
['Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary pathology.', 'Findings: Tip of a left PICC terminates in ___ proximal-to-mid superior vena cava.  Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits.  Lungs and pleural surfaces are clear. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Left PICC tip terminates in ___ upper SVC.  ___ heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged, with calcification noted at ___ aortic arch.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized.  No acute osseous abnormality seen.  Surgical skin ___ project over ___ upper midline abdomen, with a biliary drain partially imaged within ___ midline upper abdomen. Impression: Left PICC tip within ___ upper SVC.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of ___ chest were provided.  A left arm PICC line is seen with its tip residing in ___ mid SVC. There is a catheter positioned in ___ upper
['Findings: were discussed with ___ by ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 2:42 PM, at the time of discovery of the findings. Impression: Right internal jugular central venous catheter terminates near the junction of the right internal jugular vein and right subclavian veins, approximately 3 cm withdrawn from ___.  No pneumothorax.  Lung volumes are low with bibasilar atelectasis.  NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed with ___ by ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 2:42 PM, at the time of discovery of the findings.']
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, the area of increased opacification in the right mid zone has decreased and has a more linear quality.  This could reflect merely atelectatic changes that are less prominent, given the better inspiration.  Nevertheless, in the appropriate clinical setting, a supervening pneumonia would have to be considered.  Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette without vascular congestion or pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  The lungs are low in volume with an opacity in the superior segment of the right lower lobe.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size with normal cardiomediastinal contours. Impression: Opacity in the superior segment of the right lower lobe could reflect atelectasis particularly given low lung volumes, however infection should be considered in the appropriate clinical setting.  Consider repeat evaluation with improved inspiration when patient is able.']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute osseous abnormalities are demonstrated.  No subdiaphragmatic free air is seen. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.  No free air under the diaphragms.']
['Findings: Lungs are hyperinflated.  Lungs are clear of consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Soft tissue prominence at the right cardiophrenic angle has remained unchanged since the earliest available chest radiograph on ___.  This finding is usually due to mediastinal fat, or occasionally a pericardial cyst.  Heart size is top-normal.  Mediastinal contours are normal. No acute osseous abnormalities are identified. Impression: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Right cardiophrenic soft tissue prominence may be due to mediastinal fat or a pericardial cyst.  There is no reason to pursue additional imaging, unless lymphadenopathy is suspected clinically.', 'Findings:  Impression: No comparison.  On the current radiograph, the patient is not intubated.  Lung volumes are normal.  Minimal right basal atelectasis.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.
['Findings: Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are normal.  Lungs and pleural surfaces are clear. Impression: No radiographic evidence of congestive heart failure.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of pneumonia, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette is normal in size. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: There is mild bibasilar atelectasis.  No definite focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or evidence of pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis without definite focal consolidation.']
['Findings: The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms suggesting COPD. A geographic area lucency in the right lateral lung base may represent area of air trapping. Streaky opacities projecting over the spine on the lateral view are concerning for infection. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Anterior wedging of vertebral bodies at the thoracolumbar junction are age indeterminate. Impression: Lower lobe opacity concerning for infection. Evidence of COPD.']
['Findings: , I telephoned the number for Dr ___, ___, and was connected to ___ ___ voicemail. There is no pager for Dr ___ ___ of the possibility of acute PE, I will continue to call and email Dr ___ ___. Pertinent critical findings were posted by Dr. ___ on ___ at ___:___ to the Department of Radiology online critical communications system for direct communication to the referring provider.   Dr. ___ reported the findings to Dr.  ___ by telephone on ___ at 3:___ PM, ___ minutes after the initial attempt to telephone him directly after discovery of the findings. Impression: At the level of the anterior right sixth rib is a ___ mm homogeneous opacity based on the anterior pleural surface. This is probably in the lung, but Perhaps with pleural involvement.  The rib, as far as one can tell in its cartilaginous portion, is probably intact, as judged from rib detail views which will be reported separately. The lesion could be a pulmonary infarct, small lung mass, or small pneumonia.  There is no pleural effusion.  Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal  and hilar silhouettes are normal.  NOT
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  No acute osseous abnormalities are present. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: are stable Impression: There is mild cardiomegaly.  There remains pulmonary interstitial edema which appear stable. There is some atelectasis at the lung bases.  There are no pneumothoraces.  Overall, findings are stable', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable with mild cardiomegaly when compared to ___ study.  The hila and pleura are unremarkable.  No focal consolidations, pleural effusions, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax are seen. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: New right supraclavicular central venous catheter ends in the mid to low SVC.  No pneumothorax pleural effusion or mediastinal widening.  Moderate cardiomegaly is long-standing.  Lungs are low in volume but clear.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___, the patient has received a left-sided PICC line.  The tip of the line projects over the mid SVC.  The course of the line is unremarkable.  Low lung volumes.  The pre-existing retrocard
['Findings: Since the last chest radiograph performed on the same date at 12:17pm, there has been interval advancement of the dobhoff tube, which is now located just distal to the gastroesophageal junction.  The lungs and cardiomediastinal silhouette are otherwise stable compared to the last radiograph.  The left subclavian line is unchanged in position. Impression: Interval advancement of the dobhoff tube, which is now located distal to the gastroesophageal junction.  NOTIFICATION:  Results were communicated to Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ on ___ at 4:43PM via telephone.', 'Findings:  Impression: No relevant change as compared to the previous examination.  No pneumonia. Known platelike atelectasis at the right lung basis and small atelectasis projecting over the left costophrenic sinus. Unchanged size of the cardiac silhouette. Moderate elongation of the descending aorta.  No overt pulmonary edema. Unchanged course of the left subclavian venous access line.', 'Findings: were discussed via telephone by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___  on ___ at 7:53 PM, 1 minutes
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation or effusion.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube terminates 4.9 cm above the level carina.  Mild bibasilar atelectasis is noted.  There is no lobar consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Moderate scoliosis is noted within the lower thoracolumbar spine. Impression: ETT in expected location.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: An endotracheal tube terminates 3.3 cm above the level of the carina.  There has been interval placement of a nasogastric tube with the side hole positioned beneath the level of the diaphragm.  A right-sided internal jugular central venous line is noted with the tip terminating in the mid right atrium. Multiple right upper quadrant surgical clips are noted.  A subtle left
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  ET tube in adequate position.  2.  Widening of the mediastinum is likely due to positioning.  A repeat AP and lateral chest radiograph is recommended once the patient has recovered from the acute process to exclude underlying pathology such as lymphadenopathy.']
['Findings: ET tube terminates 4.7 cm from the carina.  There are worsening bilateral upper lobe predominant opacities with indistinctness of the pulmonary vasculature compatible with pulmonary edema.  The heart is top normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  ET tube 4.7 cm from the carina. 2.  Worsening pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal opacity, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.  No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: No pneumonia.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are moderate.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: No abnormality demonstrated.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Interval development of bibasilar atelectasis and probable small pleural effusions.  Distended loops of bowel in the imaged upper abdomen are have been more fully assessed by abdominal radiograph is performed the same date and dictated separately. Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis and small pleural effusions.  .', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable and unchanged.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Imp
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well expanded, clear lungs. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation.No evidence of free air is seen under the diaphragm. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No free air under the diaphragm.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   There is a mildly prominent appearance of the bilateral pulmonary hilar vasculature.  No frank edema.  No signs of pneumonia, effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  Mediastinal contour is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: Possible mild central hilar congestion.']
['Findings: There is moderate cardiomegaly but no pulmonary edema.  There is severe dextroscoliosis of thoracic spine.  The costophrenic angles are slightly blunted, unchanged from ___, likely due to fibrotic changes.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly but no pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the extent of the known spontaneous left pneumothorax has minimally decreased.  There is no evidence of tension.  The postoperative changes in the left lung apex are constant.  Unremarkable appearance of the right lung. Impression: ', 'Findings: There has been interval placement of a left-sided chest catheter with only minimal reexpansion of the left lung.  The previously noted flattening of the left hemidiaphragm is no longer seen.  Right lung remains clear.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Interval placement of left-sided chest catheter with only minimal to no significant change in large left-sided pneumothorax.  Previously noted flattening of the left hemidiaphragm is no longer seen.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Staple line at the left lung apex is in constant position.  There currently is no evidence of pneumothorax.  No other lung parenchymal changes.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Impression: ',
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Symmetric mild widening of the superior mediastinum without tracheal deviation may be due to mediastinal fat or enlarged thyroid gland.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.  Mild loss of height of a mid thoracic vertebral body is of indeterminate age.  For mild degenerative changes seen in the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Mild widening of the superior mediastinum which could be due to mediastinal fat or enlarged thyroid gland, and clinical correlation is recommended.']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Increase in mild cardiomegaly, pulmonary vascular congestion and mediastinal venous engorgement indicate mild congestive heart failure, at the edge of pulmonary edema.  There is no appreciable pleural effusion or any focal pulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: There is some mild improvement with decreased central vascular engorgement and slight decrease in cardiac silhouette.  There is a small left pleural effusion and mild pulmonary vascular redistribution. Impression: Changing appearance of mild CHF.', 'Findings: There are trace bilateral pleural effusions, improved from ___.  There is no focal opacity, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax seen. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  Radiopaque density in the right upper quadrant is likely secondary to prior chemoembolization. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Heart size is mildly enlarged.  The aorta is tortuous.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Focal streaky opacities seen within the right hilar region as well as patchy opacities in the lung bases, more pronounced on the right.  There is a small right pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax is clearly evident.  Extensive degenerative changes are noted involving both glenohumeral joints, more pronounced on the right. Impression: Streaky right upper lobe opacity may reflect an area of infection or aspiration.  Patchy bibasilar airspace opacities could reflect areas of atelectasis, though additional areas of infection or aspiration cannot be excluded.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Follow-up imaging with radiographs are recommended and if there is persistence of these findings after treatment, CT is suggested.', 'Findings: Tracheostomy tip is 4 cm below the carina and is in appropriate position.  NG tube extends into the proximal stomach.  No interval change in moderate pulmonary edema with both interstitial and alveolar components, small bilateral pleural effusions, top normal heart size and mediast
['Findings:  Impression: Lungs are hyperinflated but clear.  There is no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  Heart size normal.  No pleural abnormality.Moderate scoliosis is chronic, but a moderately severe compressed vertebrae at the thoracoabdominal junction it is more pronounced now than in ___.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there has been placement of a right pigtail catheter with almost complete resolution of the right pneumothorax.  Substantial decrease in pleural fluid with continued volume loss at the base of the right lung.  Otherwise, little change. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Compared to the prior exam there has been dramatic decrease in the right pleural effusion which is now small.  The Port-A-Cath is again visualized in similar position.  There is a small left effusion.  There is volume loss at both bases and however the aeration is improved compared to the prior exam.  Pleurx catheter is seen projecting over the right lower chest.  Calcified lymph nodes and intraparenchymal calcifications are again visualized. Impression: Decreased right effusion.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  Trace right pleural effusion is unchanged Likely small left pleural effusion.  Right Port-A-Cath ends in the right atrium.  Left basilar atelectasis is unchanged.  Upper lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal and
['Findings: The lungs are fully expanded and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.No pleural abnormality is seen.  No rib fracture. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia or traumatic injury.']
['Findings: The previously seen right subpulmonic pleural effusion has resolved.  The lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is normal.  Osseous structures are unremarkable. Impression: Resolved right pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm versus subpulmonic effusion.  Overlying right base atelectasis is seen.  There is mild left base atelectasis.  No left pleural effusion or consolidation is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No evidence of pneumothorax is seen. Impression: Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm versus subpulmonic effusion with overlying right base atelectasis.']
['Findings:  Impression: No relevant change as compared to the previous image. Minimally improved lung volumes but unchanged massive bilateral parenchymal opacities, constant in extent and severity.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax. Normal cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have increased, likely reflecting improved ventilation. The pre-existing parenchymal opacities are less severe in extensive than on the previous image. No evidence of pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Normal appearance of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings: Compared to the study from earlier the same day there is no significant interval change in the position of any of the support devices are tubes the lungs continue to have a diffuse alveolar infiltrate Impression: No change', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there again are bilateral pulmonary opacifications that showed little overall change.  Tracheostomy tube remains in good position. The left subclavian catheter is been removed.', 'Findings: Endotracheal tube ends approximately 6 cm above the carina.  NGT
['Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  Status post sternotomy.  Unremarkable alignment of the sternal wires, but the third wire is ruptured.  The lung parenchyma shows normal appearance and there is no evidence of nodular disease suspicious for lung metastasis.  No pleural thickening.  No pleural effusions. Normal size of the heart. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: 1)  Right-sided internal jugular central venous line terminating at the mid to distal SVC without evidence of pneumothorax.   2)  Cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Mediastinal and cardiac contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  CONCLUSION:  There is no evidence of pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. There is no large right pleural effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  Again seen are bilateral lower lung opacities, left greater than right, not significantly changed compared to prior.  Left chest port is in unchanged position with tip in the low SVC. Impression: Similar appearance compared to most recent prior radiograph with bibasilar opacities, left greater than right. This may represent atelectasis, aspiration, or pneumonia. Clinical correlation to left lower lobe signs and symptoms is recommended. Lateral view would also be helpful for further characterization.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  The monitoring and support devices are constant.  There is massive cardiomegaly and a mild left pleural effusion.  On the right, minimal blunting of the costophrenic sinus could indicate presence of a small right pleural effusion as well.  The pre-existing parenchymal opacities at the right lung bases are constant in extent and severity.  At the left, areas of retrocardiac atelectasis are seen.  Overall
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided.  Streaky left perihilar opacity appears similar to prior CT exam and may reflect prior radiation treatment.  There is bibasilar atelectasis with a probable component of scarring.  No convincing signs of pneumonia.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is difficult to assess appears grossly stable.  Mediastinal contour is normal.  No definite bony abnormalities are seen.  Clips are partially imaged in the right upper quadrant. Impression: Streaky perihilar and lower lung opacities likely reflect scarring and or atelectasis.  No convincing signs of pneumonia.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate no focal consolidations. Heart size is normal.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Several thoracic vertebral bodies demonstrate height loss. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Mild wedging of a few mid thoracic vertebral bodies is unchanged compared to prior.  No acute osseous abnormality identified. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Impression: Normal chest x-ray.']
['Findings: Endotracheal tube terminates in the upper thoracic trachea, at the level of the clavicular heads, approximately 5.7 cm from the carina.  Endotracheal tube terminates in the left upper quadrant, in the expected region of the stomach.  Extensive airspace consolidation is noted within the left lung containing air bronchograms, consistent with pneumonia.  Right lung is clear.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Heart size is within normal limits. Impression: 1.  Appropriate position of endotracheal and enteric tubes. 2.  Extensive pneumonia within the left lung.', 'Findings:  Impression: Tip of the ET tube at the thoracic inlet in standard position unchanged.  Right jugular line and transesophageal drainage tube all in standard placements.  Large area of consolidation in the left lung has not improved since early on ___.  There is a considerable component of volume loss, but preserved bronchial tree argues against central obstruction.  This could be a large aspiration pneumonia or if patient has had trauma, severe bleeding in the lung.', 'Findings: The ETT is
['Findings: The lungs are clear of focal opacities concerning for an infectious process.  There is hyperexpansion of the lungs consistent with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  Cardiac silhouette is mildy enlarged. Hilar contours appear grossly unremarkable.  Osteopenia of the bones is noted, but no obvious fractures. Impression: Hyperinflated lungs, mild cardiomegaly, without acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The patient is status post recent median sternotomy and cardiovascular surgery.  Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in the post-operative setting.  As compared to the recent radiograph, there has been improved atelectasis in the left mid and both lower lungs, with a residual patchy and linear foci of atelectasis remaining.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are also present, but there is no evidence of pneumothorax. Impression: Improving multifocal atelectasis.  Small pleural effusions.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___, 7:10 p.m.:  Mild pulmonary edema has developed in the lower lungs  while severe consolidation or apical edema has worsened in the upper.  ET tube, right internal jugular line, and upper enteric drainage tubes are in standard placements.  Heart is mildly enlarged.  There is no pleural effusion or indication of pneumothorax.  No other focus of consolidation, at the base of the left lung is essentially unchanged.  Previous gastric distension has improved.', 'Findings: Compared to the prior exam, the right IJ line is unchanged.  There is
['Findings: The frontal radiograph is little changed from ___. The lateral view shows that the middle lobe is clear and there are new small regions of peribronchial opacification in one of the lung bases, overlying the spine, probably the left, and in the lingula, effectively obscured on the frontal view by scarring and a mediastinal fat pad. Upper lobe hypovascularity is probably due to emphysema, and pulmonary hypertension explains large central pulmonary arteries. Heart size is normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Dr ___ ___ findings and revision of preliminary interpretation witn Dr ___ by phone at 8:15AM.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the areas of increased opacification at the right base and silhouetting the left heart border are less prominent.  No evidence of vascular congestion or pleural effusion.', 'Findings: There are bibasilar opacities localizing to the middle lobe and lingula.  While some of this could represent scarring and prominent fat pad as seen on prior chest CT, findings are slightly progressed even given differences in technique.  There is also some streak
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Unremarkable chest radiographic examination.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No focal consolidation.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without infiltrate or effusion. The bony thorax is normal. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal Impression: Normal chest.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were provided.  There is an ill-defined subtle retrocardiac opacity projecting over the lower spine concerning for infection.  Dense ill-defined material projecting over the mediastinum may be external to the patient as it is not localized on the lateral view.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is mildly enlarged.  The bones are intact.  The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: Subtle retrocardiac opacity may represent infection in the correct clinical setting.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  New perihilar pulmonary edema, vascular engorgement in the lungs and mediastinum suggests pulmonary edema due to volume overload and/or cardiac decompensation.  Heart size borderline enlarged.  Pleural effusion is small if any.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:33 a.m.  Positioning is lordotic, but there is no evidence of appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax since ___:33 a.m. following removal of the pleural drain.  Lungs are grossly clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette has a normal postoperative appearance.  Right jugular line ends in the mid SVC.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right internal jugular vein catheter has been removed.  The lung volumes continue to be low.  Sternal wires in situ.  Moderate cardiomegaly but no evidence of atelectatic changes.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumonia.  No pulmonary edema. Impression: ', 'Findings: There is a right-sided IJ, which terminates in the low SVC.  There is a left-sided chest tube with tip projecting over the mid left lung. There has been interval extubation.  Heart size is mildly enlarged, overall stable compared to the preoperative exam.  There is mild fullness of the hilum bilaterally due to pulmonary vascular engorgement,
['Findings: ON a background of mild pulmonary edema, there are small bibasilar opacification likely a combination of atelectasis and small pleural effusions. Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Calcifications are noted within the aortic arch.  No osseous abnormality is present. Impression: Bibasilar opacifications likely combination of atelectasis and effusion, though pneumonia is a consideration in the appropriate clinical setting.', 'Findings: 2 views were obtained of the chest.  Right malpositioned PICC has been removed.  Bilateral small pleural effusions and accompanying atelectasis are improved from the previous examination.  The remainder of the lungs are clear. The heart and mediastinal contours are stable.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Decreased, small bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings: There are bibasilar opacities with silhouetting of the hemidiaphragms consistent with moderate bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent atelectasis, increased in comparison to prior study from ___.  It is worth noting that an overlying developing pneumonia cannot be excluded.  The cardiac
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs appear clear. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No pneumonia.']
["Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Lungs are clear.  There are possible very small pleural effusions bilaterally.  A large amount of free intraperitoneal air is evident and is likely explained by the patient's recent surgery one day earlier. Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2.  Large amount of free intraperitoneal air, likely due to recent pelvic surgery.  Clinical correlation suggested.", 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  The size of the cardiac silhouette is normal.  No evidence of residual parenchymal opacities.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the intra-abdominal air has completely resolved.  No air is visible on the frontal or lateral radiograph.  The lung parenchyma is normal.  No evidence of pneumothorax, no pleural effusions.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  Normal appearance of the cardiac silhouette. Impression: ', 'Findings: Heart size is normal.  The
['Findings: Moderate hyperexpansion of the lungs has increased compared with prior studies, suggestive of small airways disease. There is no suspicious mass, focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: 1. No suspicious nodules or masses. 2. Moderate hyperexpansion has increased.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary pathology.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process 2.  No definite rib fracture.  Dedicated rib views could be obtained for further evaluation if clinically indicated. 3.  Loss of height of multiple mid thoracic vertebral bodies of indeterminate age.']
['Findings: Increased opacities in left upper lobe correspond to the findings on the CT from the same day and are compatible with pneumonia. The right lung is clear. Cardiac size is normal.  There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax. Impression: Left upper lobe pneumonia.    Findings discussed with ___ at 12:45 a.m. via telephone.']
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Bony structures appear normal. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Since the prior radiograph, there has been interval intubation with the endotracheal tube approximately 2 cm from the carina. The orogastric tube terminates in the stomach.  There is significant cardiomegaly and calcification of the aortic arch and descending thoracic aorta.  Pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial abnormality, particularly at the right lung base, has progressed since the prior chest radiograph.  No strong evidence for pneumonia. Impression: Satisfactory positioning of the endotracheal tube and orogastric tube, with interval increase in pulmonary vascular congestion since the prior radiograph, but no strong evidence for pneumonia.', 'Findings: Low lung volumes are again noted. There is been interval improvement of the previously noted pulmonary edema which is now mild. There is no new consolidation. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. There is no large effusion. Impression: Interval improvement of previously seen pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the endotracheal tube and nasogastric tube have been removed.  There are extremely low lung volumes that further accentuate the prominence
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum and pleural surfaces.  Healed fractures are present in the right chest cage posteriorly.', 'Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Apart from a calcified granuloma in the left lung base, the lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pulmonary edema is present.  Multiple old right-sided rib fractures are re- demonstrated. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Increase in pulmonary edema is seen bilaterally when compared to previous chest radiograph.  New opacity in the left mid-lung is seen, and no pleural effusion is seen.  Right central venous line is in appropriate position in lower SVC. Impression: Increase in pulmonary edema.  New left mid-lung opacity may be increasing edema or new developing pneumonia.', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded.  In the lateral view, there is a rounded opacity in the upper anterior mediastinum, which is thought to be inferior to an external clip in the right mid lung, between the posterior ribs six and seven.  There is some opacification of the right cardiophrenic angle which may represent a prominent epicardial fat pad.  No other focal opacities are identified.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Rounded opacity in the anterior upper mediastinum seen in the lateral view as well as an ill-defined opacity between the posterior portion of the right sixth and seventh rib as described above may represent focal consolidation or
['Findings: The lungs are hyperinflated.  Known left upper lobe pulmonary nodule is not clearly delineated.  There is subtle opacity at the lung base medially which also seen posteriorly on the lateral view.  Elsewhere, no focal consolidation identified.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Known left hilar adenopathy better seen by prior CT. Impression: Hyperinflation with subtle bibasilar opacities seen medially.  These could represent infection in the proper clinical setting. Known left upper lobe pulmonary nodule and left hilar adenopathy better seen on prior PET-CT.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal shadow is normal.  Right-sided PICC line in situ with the tip at the mid to distal SVC.  Pulmonary overinflation.  Mild coarsening of the bronchovascular markings.  Nodular airspace consolidation with associated bronchograms seen in the medial basal segment of the right lower lobe.  No pleural effusion.  No pulmonary edema. Impression: Nodular airspace consolidation with associated air bronchograms/bronchiectasis seen in the medial basal segment of the right
['Findings: Lungs are low in volume but clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size and cardiomediastinal contours.  No displaced rib fractures are identified. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Left basilar linear atelectasis is unchanged. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. An old healed left rib fracture is again noted. No acute rib fractures are identified. Multilevel spinal degenerative changes are stable. Impression: No acute rib fracture identified. Old healed left rib fracture. No pneumothorax. Stable left basilar linear atelectasis with otherwise clear lungs.']
['Findings: The patient is status post sternotomy.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Streaky opacity in the medial right middle lobe suggests minor atelectasis.  The bones appear within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is a further increase in extent of the opacities in the right lung.  The left lung is constant.  Changed nasogastric tube.  Moderate cardiomegaly with extensive retrocardiac atelectasis. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Status post median sternotomy for CABG with stably enlarged cardiac contours.  There is likely a layering left effusion with associated airspace opacity which most likely reflects partial lower lobe atelectasis, although an acute infectious process cannot be excluded.  There continues to be diffuse bilateral airspace process which is slightly improved since the prior study, favoring resolving but persistent moderate pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax is seen.  A nasogastric tube is seen coursing below the diaphragm with the tip within the stomach.  Calcification of the aorta consistent with atherosclerosis.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Large bilateral pleural effusions are smaller, and moderately severe pulmonary edema has improved.  Severe cardiomegaly and left lower lobe collapse are unchanged.  Nasogastric
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  Midline sternotomy wires are again noted.  There is persistent opacity at the right lung base with volume loss which likely represents atelectasis and small effusion.  The left lung and right upper lung remain well aerated.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Stable exam with right lower lung atelectasis and small effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: Minimal improvement compared with ___, otherwise unchanged.', 'Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Moderate right pleural effusion and severe right middle and lower lobe atelectasis have increased.  Small left pleural effusion is new or newly apparent.  Right heart border is obscured by pleural and parenchymal abnormalities in the right lung, but the left heart border and other mediastinal contours are unremarkable and unchanged.', 'Findings:  Impression: Partial interval improvement of opacification at the right base, with residual pleural and parenchymal opacity.  No pneumothorax detected.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___ at 1:02 p.m.
['Findings: The lung volumes are low.  There is vascular congestion and mild pulmonary edema.  There is no focal opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The mediastinal silhouette is normal.  The heart is mildly enlarged. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  No focal consolidation or pneumothorax is present.  Patchy opacities in the lung bases likely reflect areas of atelectasis.  Minimal blunting of the costophrenic angles posteriorly suggests the presence of trace bilateral pleural effusions.  Mild to moderate degenerative changes are noted in the thoracic spine.  Clips from prior cholecystectomy are seen in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Impression: Patchy opacities in the lung bases, likely atelectasis, with probable trace bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings: Heart size is normal with mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable.  Lungs are mildly hyperinflated but clear.  Pleural surfaces are clear without effusion or pneumothorax.  Hyperdensities in the right upper quadrant are likely surgical clips. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___, 1:38 p.m.:  Large right pleural effusion is growing, but mediastinum remains essentially midline.  Left lung is clear.  Left pleural effusion is minimal.  No pneumothorax.  Right suprahilar nodule seen on recent chest CTA is partially obscured.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: 1) Interval decrease in size of right pleural effusion, though small-to-moderate effusion persists, with underlying right base collapse and/or consolidation.  Doubt pneumothorax.  Please see comment.   2) No CHF.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are obtained.  Midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are again noted.  A chest tube previously seen in the right lung base has been removed.  A pigtail catheter is partially imaged in the right upper abdomen.  Bilateral pleural effusions are again noted without significant change since the prior exam.  Upper lobe lucency is
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes remain low.  The  heart is moderately enlarged and mild fluid overload is seen in almost unchanged manner.  However, there is no overt pulmonary edema.  Minimal atelectasis at the right lung bases.  The right internal jugular vein catheter is unchanged, the nasogastric tube has been removed in the interval. Impression: ', 'Findings: Support and monitoring devices are in standard position.  The patient is severely rotated towards the right, limiting assessment of cardiomediastinal contours.  Apparent worsening opacity in the right lower lobe with associated partial obscuration of right heart border favors atelectasis, but coexisting infectious pneumonia is possible in the appropriate clinical setting.  Adjacent right pleural effusion is probably not changed. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, allowing for differences in degree of rotation, there may be little change.  Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.  The right hemidiaphragm is not sharply seen.  This raises the possibility of layering effusion with compressive atelectasis at the base.
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Possible chronic obstructive airways disease. 2.  Possible small pleural effusions.', 'Findings: Mild opacities at the left lower lung base are likely atelectasis.  No substantial pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.  No focal consolidations or opacities concerning for an infectious process.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal. Impression: No overt evidence of pneumonia.  Probable left basilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest were acquired.  Lung volumes are slightly low.  There is chronic elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  The lungs are clear aside from minimal right basilar atelectasis.  Heart size is within normal limits. Mediastinal contours are normal.  There are no pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute cardiac or pulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Of the is post median sternotomy and CABG.  Dense mitral annular calcifications are again noted.  Mild cardiomegaly with the left ventricular predominance is re- demonstrated.  The aorta is unfolded with atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic knob.  Pulmonary vasculature is mildly engorged, but improved compared to the previous radiograph.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The lungs are hyperinflated.  Dense vascular calcifications are noted within the left upper quadrant of the abdomen.  Extensive degenerative changes are noted involving both shoulders. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular engorgement, improved compared to previous chest radiograph.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Diffuse pulmonary interstitial abnormality, with several nodules.  Please refer to subsequent T-spine CT for further details. Work up indicated for nodules. 2.  Mild cardiomegaly. Possible mitral regurgitation.', 'Findings: Left-sided pacemaker device is re- demonstrated with leads in unchanged positions.  Heart size remains mild to moderately
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded.  They appear somewhat hyperinflated which may relate to good inspiratory effort.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No focal consolidation.']
['Findings: Lordotic and slightly rotated positioning.  Possibility of background hyperinflation/COPD cannot be excluded.  The heart is not enlarged.  There is slight prominence of the ascending aorta and scattered aortic calcifications.  The descending aorta is grossly unremarkable.  Within the limits of plain film radiography, no hilar or mediastinal lymphadenopathy is detected.  No CHF, focal infiltrate, effusion, or pneumothorax is identified.  Minimal bibasilar atelectasis is likely present.  Focal calcification overlying the left neck is suggestive of carotid artery calcification. Impression: 1. Possible background changes of hyperinflation/COPD.  Clinical correlation and, if clinically indicated, a lateral view could help further assessment. 2. No acute pulmonary process identified. 3. Mild prominence of the ascending aorta, disproportionate to the descending aorta.  In the appropriate clinical setting, this can be associated with hypertension or aortic stenosis. 4. Probable left carotid artery calcification.', 'Findings:  Impression: There is been no interval change the appearance of the chest since recent study of
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there are lower lung volumes that accentuate the transverse diameter of the heart.  Endotracheal tube tip lies approximately 3.5 cm above the carina. Nasogastric tube extends to the upper stomach, with the side port probably just distal to the esophagogastric junction. No evidence of vascular congestion or acute focal pneumonia. Mild atelectatic changes are seen at the left base.', 'Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   The endotracheal tube is seen with its tip located 7.4 cm above the carinal. Advancement by approximately 3-4 cm may achieve a more optimal position. NG tube courses inferiorly though its tip is excluded from view. Both CP angles are excluded. Lungs appear grossly clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: Endotracheal tube positioned high in the trachea. Recommend advancement.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are mildly hyperinflated with mild flattening of the hemidiaphragms. Left midlung linear atelectasis is present. The lungs are otherwise clear.  The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Left midlung linear atelectasis with otherwise clear hyperinflated lungs.', 'Findings: Left hilar fullness related to prominent pulmonary artery with rotation from scoliosis.  Bilateral linear scars in the mid left lung and both lower lung regions.  Cystic structure in the left lower lobe as seen on CT. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Impression: 1.  Left hilar fullness is likely related to prominent pulmonary artery accentuated by slight rotation from mild scoliosis. 2.  Cystic structure in left lower lobe as seen on CT on ___.  3.  Bilateral linear scarring in the left mid lung and both lower lung regions.    Results were conveyed via telephone to Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ on ___ at 11:50 a.m. within 10 minutes of the results.', 'Findings
['Findings:  Impression: New upper enteric drainage tube passes as far as the mid portion of a nondistended stomach.  Lungs are reasonably well expanded and clear.  Relative elevation right hemidiaphragm is unexplained. Conventional PA and lateral chest radiographs would help that determination. There is no pleural abnormality or evidence of central adenopathy and no pulmonary edema or pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: New ET tube in standard position.  Pooled secretions outline the top of the inflated ETT cuff.  Upper enteric drainage tube passes into the nondistended stomach and out of view.  Heart size normal.  Mild bibasilar atelectasis has worsened.  Pleural effusion small if any.  No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change.  Apical soft tissue mass is unchanged and shown on the CT and PET to contain fat and soft tissue and have no evidence of malignancy.  The remainder of the study is essentially within normal limits. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change in the extensive apical soft tissue mass, which was shown on CT and PET to contain fat and soft tissue with no evidence of malignancy. The remainder of the study is essentially unchanged and within normal limits.', 'Findings:  Impression: Left apical opacity concerning for mass. Chest CT is warranted for further evaluation.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs remain clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is seen. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Partially imaged is tubular high density projecting over the left abdomen at the lower aspect of the image, unclear whether ingested content or external to the patient. Impression: No acute cardiop
['Findings: The lungs are now clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic arch.  Hypertrophic changes are seen the spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___ ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 8:44 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings. Impression: Right internal jugular line tip is deep in the right atrium and should be pulled back 5 cm to secure it position at the cavoatrial junction or above.  NG tube tip is in the stomach.  ET tube tip is approximately 3 cm above the carinal.  Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Mild vascular congestion has progressed as well as distension of the azygos vein with mild increase in bilateral pleural effusion.  NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___ ___, M.D. on the telephone on ___ at 8:44 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: Very shallow inspiration, similar compared the prior radiograph.  New bilateral perihilar opacities, worsened bibasilar opacities, consider atelectasis, edema, pneumonitis cannot be excluded.  Significant gastric distention. Impression: New bilateral perihilar opacities, worsened bibasilar op
['Findings: PA and lateral images of the chest.  There is an opacity at the right hilum which may represent lymphadenopathy, mass, or a parenchymal process overlying normal vascular structures.  There is opacity the right lung base that may represent atelectasis but is suspicious for pneumonia or aspiration in the right clinical setting.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: 1.  Opacity at the right hilum which may represent lymphadenopathy, mass, or parenchymal process overlying normal vascular structures.  CT is recommended for further evaluation.  2.  Opacity in the right lung base which may represent atelectasis but it is suspicious for pneumonia or aspiration in the right clinical setting.    These findings were communicated to Dr. ___ at 10:14 a.m. on ___ by phone.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or overt edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Median sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are noted.  There are atherosclerotic calcifications at the aortic arch.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Status post CABG with intact median sternotomy wires and multiple mediastinal clips.  Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No evidence of free air beneath the diaphragms is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The inspiratory lung volumes are appropriate. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is calcification of the aortic knob. No acute osseous abnormality is detected.  The
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided demonstrating no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart is top normal in size.  Mediastinal contour is normal.  Bony structures intact. Impression: No signs of pneumonia.  Borderline cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: IMPRESSION (PFI): ___ ___ ___ 12:03 PM   No acute cardiopulmonary process. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT INDICATION:  Fevers.  Evaluate for possible pneumonia.  COMPARISON:  Chest radiograph on ___.  FINDINGS:  PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There are atherosclerotic calcifications at the aortic knob. Apparent post-surgical hardware is visualized in the mid-thoracic spine. Impression: (PFI): ___ ___ ___ 12:03 PM   No acute cardiopulmonary process. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT INDICATION:  Fevers.  Evaluate for possible pneumonia.  COMPARISON:  Chest radiograph
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   The trachea is midline.  There is no evidence of pneumomediastinum.  No radiopaque foreign body is seen.  Lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Interval placement of orogastric tube, with tip directed cephalad in the fundus.  Otherwise no relevant change in the appearance of the chest since the recent study performed a few hr earlier.', 'Findings:  Impression: Mild pulmonary edema has improved substantially since ___.  Moderate cardiomegaly is stable.  There may be new consolidation in the left lower lobe due to pneumonia or atelectasis most commonly from retained secretions.  There is no pneumothorax.  Small right pleural effusion has increased.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ radiograph, congestive heart failure with pulmonary edema has substantially improved. However, worsening opacification is present in the right upper lobe with associated volume loss, suggestive of an atelectasis, with or without coexisting aspiration or infection.  Note is also made of a worsening focal opacity in the left retrocardiac region medially. Decrease in size of small right pleural effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to ___ radiograph, and endotracheal tube has been placed in standard position, and a right internal jugular central venous
['Findings: There are subtle bilateral peribronchial opacities, which are new since the CXR dated ___.  Lateral view also demonstrates a linear opacity projecting over the heart, suggesting a middle lobe process. Lung bases on CT abdomen ___ are clear.  No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities. The right port is unchanged in position and terminates at the cavoatrial junction. Impression: New bilateral peribronchial opacities, concerning for infectious process particularly in an immunocompromised patient.  Recommend CT Chest for further evaluation.  If any concern for pulmonary embolism, obtain CTA Chest instead.  NOTIFICATION:  Findings telephoned to ___, NP, by Dr. ___ on ___ at 3:55PM, approximately 5 minutes after discovery.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, the area of increased opacification at the left base is not appreciated. This is consistent with resolving pneumonia on. Remainder the study is within normal limits.', 'Findings: Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are
['Findings: There is a retrocardiac opacity silhouetting the medial hemidiaphragm which may be due to atelectasis.  The lungs are otherwise clear without focal opacity, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomegaly is mild.  The aorta is tortuous.  Mid thoracic vertebral body height loss is noted, age indeterminate. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly.  Retrocardiac opacity, potentially atelectasis noting infection cannot be excluded. Mid thoracic compression deformities, age indeterminate.']
['Findings: Portable supine chest radiograph demonstrates an endotracheal tube, its tip which projects approximately 2.9 cm above the level of the carina.  An enteric tube descends the thorax in uncomplicated course, its tip below the level of the diaphragm though out of the field-of-view.  Lungs demonstrate emphysematous changes and are hyperexpanded.  There is no focal consolidation identified.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Several bilateral chronic appearing rib fractures are noted.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: Emphysematous changes.  Supportive devices appear appropriately positioned.']
['Findings: Two views of the chest demonstrate clear lungs without effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is normal in size, the mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute chest pathology.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Large right pleural effusion persists despite the apical chest tube unchanged in position.  Presumably, the nature of this pleural effusion is known, but if not, it should be considered hemothorax until proved otherwise.  Mild-to-moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette has developed since pleural drainage was instituted, suggesting cardiac decompensation.  There could be pericardial effusion, particularly since there is no particular pulmonary vascular engorgement.  Opacification at the base of the left lung is probably atelectasis, improved minimally since ___.  ET tube is in standard placement, nasogastric tube ends in the mid stomach, right internal jugular line tip is at or just below the anticipated location of the superior cavoatrial junction.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the right internal jugular vein catheter has been removed.  Unchanged position of a right pleural pigtail catheter with unchanged dimension of the right pleural fluid collection.  Unchanged extent and appearance of the left pleural effusion.  Unchanged mild pulmonary edema and bilateral areas of atelectasis.  No evidence
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are clear of consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The mediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  Right-sided central line is seen with catheter tip at the RA-SVC junction.  Mildly increased interstitial markings are seen throughout the lungs bilaterally, increased from prior exam.  Superimposed linear bibasilar opacities are suggestive of atelectasis.  There is no large effusion.  Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but not significantly changed.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable. Impression: Mildly increased interstitial markings compared to previous exam suggesting mild pulmonary vascular congestion.   Linear bibasilar opacities which have the appearance of atelectasis however clinical correlation is suggested regarding possibility of early pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there has been placement of a pacer device with leads extending to the right atrium, apex to the right ventricle, and coronary sinus system. No evidence of pneumothorax. Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with evidence of elevated pulmonary venous pressure.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph,
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is tortuosity of the descending aorta.  The lungs are hyper expanded and there is flattening of the diaphragms, likely related to chronic lung disease.  There is an area of increased opacity at the right lung base which is concerning for an infectious process. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: Increased opacity at right lung base concerning for pneumonia.  Short interval followup is recommended after treatment to document resolution.', 'Findings: Hyperinflation. Tortuous, calcified thoracic aorta. Heart size within normal.  Trace right pleural effusion. The previously demonstrated right lung base opacity is slightly less prominent on the current study, likely atelectasis. Impression: Hazy right base opacity is less conspicuous than prior study, and likely represents atelectasis rather than developing pneumonia.', 'Findings: The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of diaphragms, consistent with emphysema. Opacities in the right lung base are consistent with pneumonia.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well-expanded clear lungs.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or consolidation. Impression: Normal chest. No evidence of TB or sarcoid.']
['Findings: The heart is not enlarged.  Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits.  No CHF, focal infiltrate or effusion is identified.  No pneumothorax is detected.  No free air seen beneath the diaphragms .  No rib fracture is identified on these lung technique films.  Limited assessment of the thoracic spine is grossly unremarkable. Impression: No acute pulmonary process identified.  No pneumothorax detected. If there is high concern for an occult pneumothorax, than frontal chest x-ray obtained with the patient at end-expiration of the respiratory cycle could help for further assessment.']
['Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is detected.  Heart and mediastinal contours are stable with mild cardiomegaly.  Single-lead cardiac pacemaker appears similarly positioned.  Hardware overlies the left upper outer chest, limiting evaluation of the underlying lung parenchyma. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process with stable pacemaker positioning.', 'Findings: There is no consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is no pulmonary edema. Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. Left pectoral defibrillator with its lead terminating in the right ventricle is unchanged in position. Impression: No pneumothorax. No notable interval change. Stable mild cardiomegaly.', 'Findings:  Impression: Left trans subclavian right ventricular defibrillator lead follows the expected course, continuous from the left pectoral generator.  There is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or mediastinal widening.  Mild cardiomegaly is long-standing.  There is no pulmonary vascular engorgement or ed
['Findings: The lungs are well-expanded.  Increased opacities in the left lower lobe could reflect aspiration or early pneumonia in the appropriate clinical situation.  The right lung is clear.  The heart is normal in size.  Mediastinal contours are unchanged with probably a tortuous descending thoracic aorta.  No pneumothorax, edema, or pleural effusion.  Multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine are mild.  Right old clavicular fracture. Impression: Left lower lobe opacities may reflect aspiration and/or early pneumonia in the appropriate clinical situation.', 'Findings: There are bibasilar opacities concerning for aspiration/ infection. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are stable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is a healed right mid clavicular fracture. Impression: Bibasilar opacities concerning for aspiration pneumonitis versus atelectasis.']
['Findings: Lungs are well expanded.  Minimal biapical scarring is present.  No lung opacities concerning for pneumonia or pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusion.  Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  IMPRESSION  No acute cardiopulmonary process. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: as well as the recommendation for CT were added to the radiology dashboard. Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is unchanged evidence of mild overinflation. The size of the cardiac silhouette is unremarkable. However, more pronounced than on the previous examination, is a subtle rounded opacity of approximately 1.5 cm in diameter at the level of the right lung apex, projecting over the posterior aspect of the fourth right rib. To exclude a neoplasm, CT is recommended.  Minimal scarring at the level of both the left and the right lung apex.  No pneumonia, no pleural effusions.  The findings as well as the recommendation for CT were added to the radiology dashboard.', 'Findings: Single frontal radiograph of the chest demonstrates the lungs are well expanded, with no evidence of focal pneumonia
['Findings: Patient has been extubated.  Volume overload is minimal and unchanged since ___ considering a different technique.  There is increased density in the right lower lung, which could be compatible with aspiration or pneumonia.  Left lower lung consolidation has, however, improved.  Pleural effusions are probably small and unchanged.  There is no pneumothorax.  CONCLUSION:  1.  Unchanged minimal pulmonary edema. 2.  Increase in right lower lung opacity is worrisome for aspiration or pneumonia. 3.  Left lower lung consolation has slightly improved.    The vascular intern was paged. Impression: ', 'Findings: New ET tube ends 4.8 cm above the carina.  There is new mild pulmonary edema.  The left hilum looks more convexed but recent CT did not show any pulmonary artery dilation, this could be explained by the rotation of the patient.  Pleural effusion is small if any.  Cardiac contour is mildly enlarged.  Mild new left lower lung opacities could be due to atelectasis or dependent edema.  Close followup of this area is suggested,  CONCLUSION:  1.  Mild pulmonary edema
['Findings: Streaky bibasilar opacities are more notable on the left, and are suggestive of atelectasis, although aspiration or pneumonia can not be entirely excluded. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged in appearance. Impression: Bibasilar opacities favoring atelectasis, although pneumonia or aspiration cannot be entirely excluded.']
['Findings:  Impression: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinum is normal.  Pulmonary edema appears to be progressing.  Underlying infectious process is a possibility at fully load all of right pleural effusion is present.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: The lungs are well-expanded and clear.  The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contour, hila, and pleura are normal.  There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. Impression: Normal chest radiograph, including no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia, no pleural effusion, and evidence of pleural disease.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs ___ through ___.  Minimal interstitial edema has nearly resolved.  .  No pneumonia or pleural effusion.  Heart size top-normal.  No pneumothorax.  Right PIC line ends in the low SVC.', 'Findings: The heart size, mediastinal, and hilar contours are normal.  The lungs are clear without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax.
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is normal.  Atherosclerotic calcifications are demonstrated at the aortic knob.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs are hyperinflated with attenuation of vascular markings towards the apices suggestive of mild emphysema.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Mild emphysema.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: A left ventriculoperitoneal shunt catheter is seen coursing along the lower left neck across the left hemithorax towards the abdomen.  A slightly rounded nodular airspace opacity projects over the lower lobe on the lateral view and may represent an infectious process.  Rounded atelectasis is not excluded.  The right lung is relatively clear.  Trace pleural fluid layers posteriorly on the lateral view.  No pneumothorax is detected.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  The cardiac silhouette is enlarged but stable.  There is prominence of the mediastinum due to unfolding of the thoracic aorta, which is unchanged.  The trachea is midline. Impression: 1.  Rounded nodular airspace opacity in the lower lobe concerning for infectious process.  Followup PA and lateral radiographs are recommended in six to eight weeks following appropriate therapy to confirm resolution. 2.  Stable cardiomegaly.', 'Findings: Linear left lower lung atelectasis/scarring is re- demonstrated.  No new focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiac and medi
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, allowing for the portable AP position, there is little change.  Specifically, no evidence of mediastinal widening.  Single-lead pacer again extends to the apex of the right ventricle. No vascular congestion or acute focal pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear of focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic arch.  Left chest wall single lead pacing device is identified.  Degenerative changes in the spine without acute osseous abnormality. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Lungs are well expanded with no focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  Overlying EKG leads are present. There is mild to moderate pulmonary edema with central hilar engorgement and diffuse mild ground-glass opacity.  The heart remains moderately enlarged. The thoracic aorta is unfolded. No large effusion or pneumothorax. No convincing signs of pneumonia. Bony structures appear grossly intact. Impression: Stable cardiomegaly with mild to moderate pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Stable cardiomegaly, but decreased pulmonary vascular congestion and resolution of pulmonary edema.  No confluent areas of consolidation are evident to suggest the presence of pneumonia.  Linear atelectasis is noted in the mid lung region on the left.  Small right pleural effusion has improved. Impression: Resolution of pulmonary edema.', "Findings: The patient's chin overlies the medial lung apices, partially obscuring the view. There are low lung volumes which accentuate the bronchovascular markings. Patchy right basilar opacity may be due to confluence of structures and is not substantiated on the lateral view although a subtle consolidation is not excluded. No large pleural effusion is
['Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  No relevant change is noted.  Vertebral fixation devices in the cervical spine.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette with minimal right basilar atelectasis but without evidence of pneumonia.  No pleural effusions.  No pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Anterior cervical fixation hardware it is partially visualized. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: The heart is top normal in size, but may be accentuated by AP technique.  The hilar contours are within normal limits.  Lung volumes are low but no focal consolidation is seen.    There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Low lung volumes, but not definite focal consolidation.']
['Findings: Compared to ___ chest x-ray, there is new patchy opacity at the right lung base, slight blunting of the right costophrenic angle, AND minimal, if any, atelectasis at the left lung base.  No gross left effusion.  No CHF.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette unchanged.  Biventricular pacemaker again noted. No pneumothorax detected. Impression: New or worsened right base patchy opacity.  Differential diagnosis includes aspiration or an early pneumonic infiltrate.  Atelectasis is in the differential, but considered less likely, as there also appears to be a small right effusion.', 'Findings: Cardiac size is top normal. Transvenous pacemaker leads are in standard position. The lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. There is no pneumothorax', 'Findings:  Impression: Atrial biventricular pacer leads follow their expected courses, continuous from the left pectoral generator. There is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or mediastinal widening. Lungs are
['Findings: Portable AP semi-erect chest radiograph ___ at 21:25 Impression: Tracheostomy tube is in satisfactory position with the tip 4.5 cm above the carina.  The right internal jugular central line and nasogastric tube are unchanged in position.  The heart remains stably enlarged.  Lung volumes are markedly reduced and there is a small layering left effusion with persistent retrocardiac consolidation likely reflecting partial lower lobe atelectasis.  No pulmonary edema.  No obvious pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Portable semi-erect chest radiograph ___ 11:53 is submitted. Impression: Tracheostomy tube and right internal jugular central line are unchanged in position.  There is persistent collapse of the left lower lobe with an associated layering effusion.  Pneumonia in this area cannot be excluded.  A patchy opacity at the right medial lung base has developed and more likely reflects atelectasis in the setting of low volumes, although again pneumonia cannot be excluded.  No pneumothorax.  No pulmonary edema.  The heart remains stably enlarged.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  The lung volumes remain
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  The lungs are fully expanded and clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette, hilar contours, and pleural surfaces are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The heart size, mediastinal, and hilar contours are normal.The lungs are clear without pleural effusion, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: A Port-A-Cath terminates at the cavoatrial junction.  The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Bony structures are unremarkable. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified.  The size the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: Mild to moderate cardiomegaly is present.  Diffuse atherosclerotic calcifications are seen within the thoracic aorta.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Mild upper zone vascular redistribution is present along with mild pulmonary vascular engorgement.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormality is clearly identified. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear without focal opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  There is calcification of the left aortic knob.  Old left posterior rib fracture. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.  Conventional chest radiographs are not sensitive for detecting subtle chest wall trauma. If there are focal findings, dedidcated views of those areas are recommended.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate no areas of focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema is seen. The lungs are noted to be mildly hyperexpanded, compatible with mild chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  No acute bony abnormality is detected. Impression: 1. No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.    2. Mild COPD.', 'Findings: There is airspace opacity in the right upper lobe, and there is linear opacity seen in the bilateral lower lungs, likely reflecting a combination of atelectasis and airspace consolidation.  Right upper lobe nodularity raises the possibility of mycetoma. The heart size is normal, the mediastinal contours are normal.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Impression: Right upper lobe airspace opacity, with
['Findings: The lungs remain hyperinflated.  There is mild right base atelectasis.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  No pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  Mild right base atelectasis.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Compared to the prior study there is no significant interval change. Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, the tip of the endotracheal tube lies approximately 5.2 cm above the carina.  Cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal or mildly enlarged and there is tortuosity of the aorta.  No definite vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: Indwelling support and monitoring devices are in standard position. Heart size remains normal.  No new areas of consolidation are evident to suggest the presence of pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, the tip of the endotracheal tube is somewhat difficult to assess, though it appears to be about 4.2 cm above the carina.  There is a nasogastric tube in place, though the bottom of the image is at the region of the cardioesophageal junction and the tube cannot be followed below this.  Little change in the appearance of the heart and lungs.  Cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits
['Findings:  Impression: Lungs are well expanded and clear.  Cardiomegaly is severe but there is no vascular engorgement to suggest cardiac decompensation.  No pleural abnormality.  Mitral annulus is heavily calcified which can contribute to mitral regurgitation.  Other cardiac calcifications, in the aortic valve and coronary arteries are demonstrated on the chest CT scan.', 'Findings:  Impression: Cardiomegaly is severe but there is no pulmonary vascular congestion, edema, or appreciable pleural effusion.  Mitral annulus calcification is heavy enough to predispose to mitral regurgitation.']
['Findings:  Impression: 1.  Lung volumes remain markedly diminished and there is now a diffuse airspace process which may reflect moderate pulmonary edema, less likely a superimposed infectious process. Due to marked patient rotation and low lung volumes, overall cardiac and mediastinal contours cannot be adequately assessed. No pneumothorax.  2. Endotracheal tube is unchanged in position with its tip approximately 2.5 cm above the carina.  Nasogastric tube is seen coursing below the diaphragm with the tip not identified.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Nasogastric tube ends more proximally in a nondistended stomach.  Severe gaseous distention of the intestinal tract seen in the imaged portion of the upper abdomen.  I see no endotracheal tube.  Right subclavian or PIC line ends in the upper right atrium.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Heterogeneous opacification in the left mid lung has improved since ___, could be residual edema or even pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___.  New
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there again is substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with continued elevation of pulmonary venous pressure.  The left hemidiaphragm is poorly seen, suggesting some volume loss in the lower lobe.  No definite pleural fusion.', 'Findings: Mild cardiomegaly with enlargement of the pulmonary vasculature and diffuse airspace opacities, suggestive of mild pulmonary edema.  A more confluent opacity at the right lung base could reflect asymmetrical edema or secondary process such as pneumonia.  No evidence pneumothorax.  No significant pleural effusions. Impression: Moderate pulmonary edema.  Underlying pneumonia in right lung base is difficult to exclude and follow-up radiograph after diuresis is recommended.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Follow up radiograph after diuresis is recommended.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there are lower lung volumes. This accentuates the transverse diameter of the heart. Suggestion of some mild indistinctness of pulmonary vessels to could reflect elevated pulmonary venous pressure. There are mild bibasilar atelectatic
['Findings:  Impression: No evidence of pneumonia or CHF.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2.  Right upper lobectomy changes.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Given differences in patient positioning between studies, the overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.  Both hila remain slightly prominent but this is unchanged dating back to ___, favoring that this represents prominent pulmonary arteries suggesting underlying pulmonary arterial hypertension, bilateral lymphadenopathy is also in the differential.  Clinical correlation is advised.  Streaky linear opacities are again seen at both bases, representing subsegmental atelectasis or scarring.  No pulmonary edema.  No focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Mild bibasilar atelectasis is seen.  No definite focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Hilar contours are also stable. Impression: No significant interval change.  Bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Find
['Findings: A single portable AP upright view of the chest was obtained.  Lung volumes are low.  There is dense retrocardiac opacification with obscuration of the medial margin of the left hemidiaphragm, consistent with left lower lobe consolidation.  Streaky opacities at the right base probably reflect atelectasis.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise stable.  Prominence of the right paratracheal soft tissues is unchanged. There is no large effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Dense retrocardiac opacification, consistent with left lower lobe pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___, 10:54 p.m.:  Mild interstitial edema is new accompanied by a new small right pleural effusion.  Heart size is normal.  Right aortic arch noted.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Impression: Normal chest radiographs.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Normal lung volumes.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Normal appearance of the hilar and mediastinal structures.  No pleural effusions.  No evidence of pneumonia.  No pulmonary edema. Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well-expanded clear lungs.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax, consolidation, or pleural effusion. Incidental note is made of mild cervical scoliosis. Impression: No pneumonia.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of chest demonstrate well expanded clear lungs.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or consolidation. Impression: No pneumonia.  COMMENTS:
['Findings: No significant change since ___ when accounting for differences in imaging technique. Persistent bilateral effusions, moderate on the right and small on the left, with adjacent stable compressive atelectasis bilaterally. Stable elevation of left hemidiaphragm. The left upper lung peripheral opacity, better characterized on recent CT as a fluid and air collection, is unchanged. The lungs are otherwise clear, without focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette and hila appear Sternotomy wires, prosthetic cardiac valve, left PICC line, and enteric feeding tube read, appear intact and unchanged in position. Expected post-lymphangiogram appearance of the nodes. Impression: Persistent moderate right and small left pleural effusions.', 'Findings:  Impression: Small bilateral pleural effusions have been stable since at least ___.  The disposition of lymphangiographic contrast agent has not changed since ___, including internal mammary and mediastinal lymph nodes as well as the cisterna chylae and lymphatic duct.  Heart size is normal.  The ___ x 53 mm pneumatocele in the left lung,
['Findings: Single frontal view of the chest.  Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  No displaced rib fracture is identified. Mild dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine is noted. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.  There is no pneumothorax, focal consolidation, or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Heart and mediastinal contours appear normal.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  No pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion.  No prominence of interstitial markings that would radiographically suggest methotrexate toxicity. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrates clear lungs.  The cardiac, hilar, and mediastinal contours are normal.  No pleural abnormality is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided. There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with mild cardiomegaly. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly without signs of pneumonia or edema.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate well expanded, clear lungs. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or consolidation. Impression: No pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The heart and mediastinal contour is stable and normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air
['Findings: No definite focal consolidation is seen.  Possible mild left base atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture seen. Impression: Possible mild left base atelectasis.  No definite focal consolidation.  No evidence of pneumothorax.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the Swan-Ganz catheter has been pulled back.  The other monitoring and support devices are in unchanged position.  The known rib fractures are redemonstrated.  In addition, there is a deep sulcus sign, suggestive of a supine pneumothorax.  No parenchymal opacities suggesting pneumonia.  Mild atelectasis at both the left and the right lung bases.  Unchanged size of the cardiac silhouette. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: An endotracheal tube is present with tip 4.9 cm above the carina. An enteric tube is also present with tip in the proximal stomach but sideholes likely above the gastroesophageal junction.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Bilateral increased interstitial markings are concerning for moderate pulmonary edema. Additional hazy opacity in the right apex may be due to aspiration or infection. Impression: 1. Pulmonary edema with right upper lung opacity concerning for aspiration. 2
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study ___ ___, there again are low lung volumes.  There is and increasing right pleural effusion with increased prominence of the cardiac silhouette.  No evidence of pleural effusion on the left.  Increased prominence of central pulmonary vessels, though no evidence of peripheral venous congestion.', 'Findings: There is a small persistent right-sided pleural effusion.  Calcified granuloma projects over the right midlung laterally.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: Persistent small right pleural effusion.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.  The previous right pleural effusion is substantially improved. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there is mild increase in the degree of right pleural effusion. 
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate right lower lobe opacification, consistent with pneumonia.  There is also hyperexpansion and flattening of the diaphragms consistent with known COPD.  There are two contiguous compression fractures in the mid thoracic spine, markedly worsened from ___.  There AP diameter of the chest has increased since this prior.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. Impression: 1.  Right lower lobe pneumonia. 2.  Multiple compression fractures of the mid thoracic spine, worsened since ___.  Results were relayed by Dr. ___ to Dr. ___ by phone at approximately 11:10 a.m. on ___.', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded. Increased bilateral interstitial opacities are present, with more consolidative processes in the right lung base partially obscuring the right hemidiaphragm margin and the left upper lung. The right basilar opacities appear worsened than in the previous studies. Blunting of the right posterior costophrenic sulcus in the lateral view suggests a small right sided pleural effusion. There is no left-sided pleural
['Findings: Lung volumes are normal.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  No pulmonary edema.  Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  No subdiaphragmatic free air. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: No previous images. The cardiac silhouette is within upper limits of normal in size and there is no evidence of vascular congestion or pleural effusion. Specifically, no acute pneumonia identified.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: In the interval, the endotracheal tube, left-sided chest tube, mediastinal tube, enteric tube, and right central line have been removed. No pneumothorax.  Lung volumes are lower and there is increased bibasilar atelectasis and stable bilateral upper lobe atelectasis. Small left pleural effusion. Impression: No pneumothorax.  Low lung volumes, increased bibasilar atelectatic change compared ___.', 'Findings: The heart is mildly enlarged.  There is mild unfolding and calcification along the aorta.  The right upper mediastinal contour demonstrates a converse contour, which is most frequently seen with tortuosity of the great vessels, but not specific.  The lungs appear clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  Mild-to-moderate degenerative changes are incompletely characterized along the mid thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence of acute disease.  Convex contour to the right upper mediastinum, probably due to tortuosity of great vessels; other etiologies such as lymphadenopathy are hard
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided.  Port-A-Cath resides over the left chest wall with catheter tip extending to the level of the low SVC.  Tiny clips project over the superior mediastinum.  The lungs are clear without signs of pneumonia or CHF.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No signs of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Left subclavian catheter tip terminates in the mid superior vena cava, with no evidence of pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Lungs and pleural surfaces are clear except for a focal band-like area of atelectasis or scarring in the periphery of the right mid lung region. Impression: ']
['Findings: From ___, there is increase in confluent bilateral airspace consolidation with air bronchograms.  This precludes evaluation of the cardiac silhouette and of the mediastinal contours. There is no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.  A left IJ catheter tip both projects in the mid SVC.  An endotracheal tube is unchanged in position.  An NG tube passes below the level of the diaphragm, though the tip is not seen. Impression: 1.  Increasing confluent bilateral diffuse airspace disease, consistent with given clinical history of ARDS. 2.  Stable and appropriate positioning of support lines and tubes.', 'Findings: A bedside AP radiograph of the chest shows a new endotracheal tube terminating no less than 4 cm above the carina.  Compared to 4.5 hours earlier, there has been marked worsening of alveolar pulmonary edema, now largely masking the peripheral nodular opacities likely representing disseminated infection.  Small bilateral pleural effusions persist.  There is no pnuemothorax.  Marked widening of the cardiac silhouette is stable since admission and reflects the presence of pericardial eff
['Findings: Lung volumes are low, likely due to elevation of the diaphragm.  There are patchy retrocardiac opacities which may reflect atelectasis versus pneumonia.  Otherwise, the lungs appear clear.  No pneumothorax or pleural effusion seen. Impression: Patchy retrocardiac opacities localizing to the left lower lobe on the lateral projection may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia.']
['Findings: 1 AP view of the chest.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  No acute fracture is identified.  There are old left lateral ___ and 7th rib fractures. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: A left pectoral single lead pacemaker partially obscures the left mid lung.  The chin and associated soft tissues partially obscures the lung apices.  Suboptimal aeration of the left lower lobe may be due to overlaying soft tissue, but there may be a component of atelectasis or aspiration.  The right lung is clear.  There is no pneumothorax.  The bones are diffusely osteopenic. Dense vascular calcifications are incidentally noted. Impression: Possible left lower lobe atelectasis or aspiration.  A repeat PA and lateral radiograph would be helpful.']
['Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  Mediastinal and cardiac contours are normal.  Minimal left middle lung atelectatic band has completely resolved.  CONCLUSION:  There is no evidence of pneumonia.    This was directly discussed with Dr. ___. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  Atelectasis/scaring is seen at the left lung base.  There is no displaced rib fracture appreciated. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  For full details, please refer to the same day CT torso.']
['Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  There are low lung volumes and elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  There is patchy right mid lung opacity may represent atelectasis, but pneumonia is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.  Left base opacity may be due to combination of the large hiatal hernia with adjacent atelectasis.  Overall, there appears to be mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal contours are stable. Impression: Patchy right mid lung opacity may be due to atelectasis but pneumonia is not excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.  Left base opacity most likely due to combination of large hiatal hernia with adjacent atelectasis.  Low lung volumes, elevation of the right hemidiaphragm, and possible mild vascular congestion.']
["Findings:  Impression: 1.  Stable cardiac enlargement and stable unfolded tortuous aorta.  A faint opacity is seen in the right medial lung adjacent to the paratracheal soft tissues.  This is not felt to likely correspond to vascular structures and either could represent an area of pneumonia, post-inflammatory scarring, or possibly a mass.  Further imaging evaluation with CT may be helpful.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax.  Degenerative changes in the mid to lower thoracic spine with no acute bony abnormality appreciated.  Results were communicated by phone to the patient's nurse, ___, on ___ at 12:08 p.m. at the time of discovery.", 'Findings: Left pectoral pacemaker with leads ending in the right atrium and right ventricle.  Normal heart size and hilar contours.  Normal pleural surfaces.  Unchanged dilatation of the thoracic aorta.  Fully expanded, clear lungs.  No pulmonary nodules. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The aorta remains calcified and unfolded.
['Findings: In comparison with study of ___, there is again hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the hemidiaphragms, consistent with chronic pulmonary disease.  Surgical clips are seen in the region of the esophagogastric junction.  No evidence of acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the endotracheal tube is still in situ.  The tip of the tube projects 5 cm above the carina.  At the right lung base, a pre-existing parenchymal opacity is slightly bigger than on the previous image.  In addition, subtle air bronchograms are seen.  This finding should raise the suspicion for pneumonia.  There is unchanged blunting of the left costophrenic sinus, potentially reflecting small pleural effusion. Unchanged retrocardiac atelectasis.  Unchanged remaining monitoring and support devices. Impression: ', 'Findings: AP single view of the chest has been obtained with patient in upright position.  Comparison is made with the next preceding similar study of ___.  Comparison of the frontal views does not demonstrate any significant interval change. 
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographdemonstrates well expanded and clear lungs.No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size, mediastinal contour, and hila are unremarkable.  Limited assessment of the upper abdomen is within normal limits. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No evidence of free air is seen beneath the diaphragms. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence of free air beneath the diaphragms.']
['Findings: The pulmonary vascular congestion is minimally worse since ___.  No discrete lung opacities concerning for pneumonia.  Moderately enlarged heart size is bigger than it was on ___.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion. Impression: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and moderate cardiomegaly have minimally worsened since ___; however, there is no pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  The lungs are fully expanded and clear.  The heart is moderately enlarged but stable.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.', 'Findings: There is minor mid lung atelectasis.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The aorta is tortuous.  The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen. Impression: No significant interval change.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the study of ___, there again are relatively low lung volumes. No evidence
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  No acute osseous abnormalities are visualized. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Patchy right basal opacity is seen, which could be due to aspiration or infection.  The left lung is clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: Subtle patchy right base opacity could be due to aspiration, infection or atelectasis.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate normal lung volumes.  There is no pleural effusion, focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  Hilar and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Heart size is normal.  There is no pulmonary edema. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Moderate cardiomegaly with mild fluid overload.  Large known hiatal hernia.  Mild retrocardiac atelectasis but no safe evidence for focal parenchymal opacity suggesting pneumonia. Impression: ', 'Findings: There is a large hiatal hernia.  Its size is even increased somewhat, although this may be due to waxing and waning degree of aeration.  The pulmonary vasculature appears indistinct, suggesting mild fluid overload.  Streaky opacities at the medial lung bases are typical for atelectasis associated with a large hiatal hernia.  It is difficult to exclude small pleural effusions, although none are explicitly demonstrated.  Spinal curvature and moderate degenerative changes along the lower thoracic spine appears similar, but not completely characterized. Impression: 1.  Large hiatal hernia, somewhat increased air bubble associated with it.  2.  Findings suggesting mild vascular congestion.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison with the the earlier study of this date, there again is substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with moderate pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusions with basilar atelectatic changes.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to prior chest radiographs ___ through ___.  New, large area of low relatively uniform opacification in the right mid and lower hemi thorax is probably increasing large right pleural effusion.  It obscures the right lung.  Left lower lobe has grown progressively more consolidated, either collapsed or pneumonia.  Moderate cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular engorgement have increased reflecting volume overload and/or cardiac decompensation.  No pneumothorax.', 'Findings: Compared to the prior study there is no significant interval change. Impression: No change.', 'Findings: Lung volumes are low with increased bibasilar atelectasis.  Moderate to severe cardiomegaly and at least moderate pulmonary edema are unchanged.  Pleural effusions are small, if any.  Interval removal of a left subclavian central venous catheter introducer. Impression: Moderate pulmonary edema is unchanged. 
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear of focal consolidation or effusion.  Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged.  The thoracic aorta is tortuous.  There is increased density adjacent to the superior portion of the mediastinum on the right.  This has the appearance of tortuosity of the vessels, especially given that the density is not seen above the clavicle.  No acute osseous abnormality identified. Impression: No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.  Rounded density in the right paramediastinal region, potentially tortuosity of the great vessels, however given lack of prior or other exam to confirm, nonurgent chest CT is suggested.', 'Findings: The heart is moderately enlarged, but unchanged in appearance.  The aorta is tortuous.  A right basal opacity is minimally increased from the prior study done in ___ and may be due to an area of atelectasis, mild pleural thickening or mild asymmetric edema in that area. There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Right basal opacity appears increased from ___ and may be related to atelectasis, ple
['Findings:  Impression: Known ___ infection with mild bronchiectasis in the right middle lobe and lingula.  No new acute abnormality.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear unchanged.  The lungs are hyperinflated.  There is flattening of the right hemidiaphragm with elevation suggestive of a subpulmonic effusion on the right although not substantial on the lateral view.  There is patchy peribronchial opacity projecting over the left mid lung, apparently within the lingula which could be seen in the setting of bronchial inflammation.  An oval opacity in the right upper lung, probably in the right upper lobe, appears somewhat more dense than before and may be associated with mucous plugging.  Degenerative changes appear similar along the thoracic spine. Impression: Suspected right-sided pleural effusion, which may be have increased.  Patchy areas of bronchovascular opacities suggesting airway inflammation and possibly mucous plugging.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits.  Pacer leads are in standard position with tips in the right atrium and right ventricle.  There appears to be a coronary stent.  . The lungs are hyperinflated and grossly clear.  There is biapical pleural - parenchyma scarring There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  The osseous structures are unremarkable Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without consolidation or edema.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  A left PICC terminates in the mid SVC, unchanged in position from the prior exam.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Specifically, no evidence of pneumonia.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Right internal jugular large-bore catheter is unchanged in position with tip in the distal SVC.  Overall, cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.  Lungs remain well inflated and without evidence of focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema.  No visible mediastinal abnormalities.  No pleural effusions, no pneumonia, no atelectasis. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', "Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___.  Yesterday's mild pulmonary ed
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: AP portable upright view of the chest.   Lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable with aortic calcification again noted.  Imaged osseous structures are intact.  Dextroscoliosis of the spine, apex at the thoracolumbar junction.  Tracheobronchial tree calcifications are noted. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process']
['Findings:  Impression: Mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Patchy right infrahilar opacity seen on the frontal view is not well seen in the lateral view, but raises concern for medial right lower lobe consolidation.  Alternatively, this could be an area of atelectasis.  The left lung is clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  There is a likely 4 mm calcified granuloma projecting over the right upper lobe. Impression: Medial right base/infrahilar opacity seen on the frontal view raising concern for consolidation due to infection.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest demonstrate normal heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours.  The lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities.  Surgical clips in the right upper quadrant suggest prior cholecystectomy. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate unremarkable cardiomediastinal and hilar contours.  The lungs are clear.  No bronchial cuffing identified.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax evident.  No displaced rib fractures identified. Impression: Normal chest radiograph.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  There has been interval improvement in bilateral lower lung opacifications.  However, a persistent retrocardiac opacity remains in the lower lobes.  There is left lower lobe atelectasis and layering pleural effusion.  There is also an increase in the size of the right pleural effusion.  There is moderate, stable cardiomegaly.  The mediastinal contours are widened, likely reflective of central lymphadenopathy.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Focal opacity in lower lobes could reflect an infectious process in the appropriate clinical setting.  2.  Mediastinal widening, likely related to central lymphadenopathy.  Recommend followup with CT scan.  Findings were communicated with ___ by Dr. ___ ___ telephone at the time of observation at 5:11 p.m. on ___.', 'Findings: Single portable view of the chest is compared to previous exam from ___.  As on prior, there is mild pulmonary vascular congestion with indistinct central pulmonary vascular markings.  The costophrenic angles are not completely included on the
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are stable.  Decreased pulmonary vascular congestion with mild residual interstitial edema.  Patchy and linear foci of atelectasis in the mid and lower lungs are again demonstrated, most severe in the left retrocardiac region.  Apparent decrease in size of left pleural effusion, now small.  No visible pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest reviewed in the absence of prior chest radiographs:  Disparity in radiopacity on both sides of the chest is due to a moderate-to-large left pleural effusion.  Pulmonary vasculature is generally engorged and the mediastinum is widened suggesting biventricular cardiac decompensation.  Greater opacification at the left lung base medially is probably due to substantial atelectasis.  Heart size borderline enlarged.  No pneumothorax.  Right subclavian line ends in the low SVC.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest demonstrate well-expanded lungs.  A small focus of increased opacification overlying the spine adjacent to the diaphragm, seen best on the lateral view may represent a small focus of airspace consolidation, less likely related to overlapping structure or changes related to the spine.  Heart is normal in size and cardiomediastinal contour is unremarkable.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: 1. A small focus of rounded opacification overlying the lower thoracic spine may represent a small focus of pneumonia.  2. Re-evaluation with PA and lateral chest radiographs is recommended 4 weeks after completion of antibiotic therapy.  Comment: Findings and recommendations were emailed to the "ED QA Nurses" to be directly communicated with the patient\'s primary care provider.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided. Bibasilar linear densities likely represent atelectasis.  There is no consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  No effusion or pneumothorax.  No signs of congestion or edema.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable.  Multiple chronic left ribcage deformities again noted.  No acute bony injury. Impression: No acute findings.', 'Findings: Bibasilar linear opacities are consistent with platelike atelectasis.  Otherwise the lungs are clear.  No focal consolidation, effusion, edema, or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal.  The thoracic aorta is slightly tortuous.  Aortic knob calcifications are mild.  Segmental fractures of the left posterior ___th rib fractures appear chronic and healed. Impression: 1.  No pneumonia. 2.  Platelike atelectasis in the lower lungs. 3.  Chronic left segmental rib deformities involving the fifth through eighth ribs.']
['Findings: There are low lung volumes.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: Lungs are fully expanded and clear.  Aside from calcification of the thoracic aorta, Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes and pleural surfaces', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   A right arm access PICC line is seen with its tip in the mid SVC.  Lungs are clear.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Calcification is seen along the course of the thoracic aorta.  Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.  PICC line in appropriate position.']
['Findings: The patient is rotated to the left.  Dual lead left-sided pacemaker is seen with leads extending to the expected positions of the right atrium and right ventricle.  There is medial left upper lobe opacity worrisome for consolidation.  Bibasilar atelectasis is seen.  Possible medial right upper lobe atelectasis/ scarring.  There may also be trace bilateral pleural effusions.  Chronic underlying interstitial prominence is again seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged.  Mediastinal contours are grossly stable given differences in patient positioning.  The diaphragm activity right-sided pacer obscures the right lung base. Impression: Patient rotated to the left.  Additional, battery pack from the right-sided pacer obscures the right lung base.  Left upper lobe consolidation worrisome for pneumonia.  Recommend follow-up to resolution. Bibasilar atelectasis and possible trace pleural effusions.', 'Findings: In comparison with study of ___, the area of increased opacification in the left upper zone is less prominent, though still probably reflecting pneumonia.  Bibasilar atelectasis and trace effusions are again seen and the dual-channel p
['Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  An opacity at the right lung base is concerning for pneumonia.  There is no pneumothorax, fracture or dislocation.  Limited assessment of the abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: A right lung base opacity is concerning for pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:  An e-mail was sent to ___ nurses with the updated ___ at 09:24 on ___.']
["Findings: Heart size remains moderately enlarged. The aorta is tortuous. Mediastinal and hilar contours are similar.  Lung volumes are slightly low which causes mild crowding of bronchovascular structures, but no overt pulmonary edema is present. Linear opacities in the lung bases likely reflect areas of atelectasis. Assessment of the right lung apex is is slightly obscured by the patient's neck and chin projecting over this region, but no pneumothorax is identified. No pleural effusion or focal consolidation is present. There are moderate degenerative changes noted in the thoracic spine. Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly and bibasilar atelectasis.  No pulmonary edema."]
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy. Bones are intact.  The imaged upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process and no evidence of lymphadenopathy.']
['Findings: may represent recurrent pneumonia however given  persistence over multiple studies adenocarcinoma is on the differential.  Recommend follow-up chest radiograph 6 weeks post resolution of symptoms to  assess for interval change.  2. Diffuse interstitial lung disease, better assessed on CT chest from ___. ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT EXAMINATION:  Chest radiograph.  INDICATION:  ___M with dyspnea, working diagnosis of ILD, hypoxia.  Assess for acute cardiopulmonary process, edema, effusion, infiltrate.  TECHNIQUE:  Chest PA and lateral  COMPARISON:  CT chest without contrast ___, ___.  FINDINGS:   The lungs are moderately well inflated with a reticular pattern predominately involving the lower lobes consistent with history of interstitial lung disease.  Heterogeneous pleural-based right upper lobe opacity with associated rounded lucency centrally is unchanged from ___ with possible progression of its superior most component since ___.  No new opacity. Impression: 1
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  Atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic arch.  There is mild height loss and a mid thoracic vertebral body level, age indeterminate.  Chronic left lateral rib fractures are noted. Impression: No acute intracranial process.  Minimal height loss of a mid thoracic vertebral body age indeterminate and clinical correlation is suggested.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest.  Lungs are grossly clear.  There is no evidence of consolidation.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There are anterior bridging osteophytes in the thoracic spine which may represent DISH. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable.  Evidence of DISH is seen along the spine.  There may be minimal lingular atelectasis/scarring.  There has been no significant interval change since the prior study. Impression: No significant interval change.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  The pulmonary vasculature is normal.  Streaky linear opacities within the lung bases most likely reflect atelectasis.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  There are multilevel degenerative changes in
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or edema.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: AP upright and lateral views of the chest provided.  Right hemidiaphragm is mildly elevated. No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia. No effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is mildly enlarged. The aorta appears unfolded. No convincing evidence for edema. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Bony structures appear intact. Impression: Cardiomegaly without evidence of pneumonia or overt edema.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lungs are hyperinflated and clear without focal consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax.  The nodule in the left upper lobe seen on recent CT is subtly conspicuous and appear similar.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: As above.', 'Findings: The known left upper low mass seen on prior exam is less conspicuous when compared to previous exam.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Known left upper lobe spiculated mass is partially visualized.  Nipple shadows project over the lung bases bilaterally.  Lungs are otherwise clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Known left upper lobe mass is only faintly visualized.', "Findings: There is no evidence of
['Findings: Six total views of the chest and right ribcage were viewed.  A BB marker was placed at the site of pain. The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Lungs are well expanded and clear.  No nondisplaced rib fractures seen. Impression: No nondisplaced rib fracture or pneumothorax.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Right pleural drain in place.  Loculated right pleural collection, mostly lateral, fissural and dependent, is unchanged in size, although fluid has replaced the previous small component of air.  Right hilar mass and severe atelectasis are unchanged.  Mediastinum midline.  Left lung grossly clear.', "Findings: Heart size is normal.  Left hilar contour is normal.  Compared to radiograph dated ___ there is increasing fullness of the right hilus with increased rounded densities along the minor fissure as well as increased right medial lung base peribronchial opacities with bronchial wall thickening and bronchiectasis.  Compared to the PET-CT from ___, these findings all appear to be present, however, are worse on today's exam.  Left lung is essentially clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: Worsening densities in the right hilus with increase in nodular densities along the minor fissure as well as increased peribronchial opacities and bronchiectasis in the right lung base which may represent
['Findings: Patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG.  Cardiac silhouette size remains borderline enlarged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged with tortuosity and calcification of the thoracic aorta again noted.  The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged.  Left-sided pleural thickening and pleural calcifications with parenchymal scarring in the left lung base appear relatively unchanged.  No new focal consolidation is present. No right-sided pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated.  Bullous emphysematous changes are again seen within the upper lobes bilaterally. Impression: No significant interval change from the previous study with no new focal consolidation identified.', 'Findings: The patient is status post previous median sternotomy and coronary artery bypass surgery.  Heart is upper limits of normal in size and similar to the prior radiograph.  Aorta is tortuous and calcified.  Extensive calcifications are present along the lateral left pleural surface contiguous with pleural thickening at the left lateral costophrenic sulcus and adjacent left hemidiaphragm.  Adjacent regions of parenchym
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Mild increase in left perihilar opacification could represent recent aspiration.  Previous vascular congestion in the upper lungs has improved, but moderate cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions have worsened.  Vascular pattern suggests severe COPD.  Patient has had median sternotomy and coronary bypass grafting.', 'Findings: There is evidence of the moderate cardiomegaly, slightly worsened compared to the exam from ___ however stable compared to the most recent exam.  The previously noted vascular congestion in the upper lungs has improved; however, there appears to be an interval increase in the left perihilar opacification compared to the prior exam, suggestive of worsening aspiration.  There are stable small bilateral pleural effusions.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  Heterogeneous opacification of the lung apices is likely secondary to scarring. Impression: Interval worsening of the left perihilar opacification consistent with recent aspiration.  These findings were discussed with Dr. ___ at 10:30 p.m. by Dr. ___ ___ by telephone on the day of the exam.', 'Findings:  Impression
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The aorta is mildly tortuous. Moderate anterior right hemidiaphragmatic elevation is noted with streaky opacities suggestive of minor atelectasis.  Otherwise, the lungs appear clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.']
['Findings: There is silhouetting of the left heart border which may reflect consolidation in the lingula.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or no pulmonary edema.  The heart size is normal. Impression: Silhouetting of the left heart border may reflect consolidation in the lingula.', 'Findings: Moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is unchanged.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are similar.  There is mild pulmonary edema, not substantially changed in the interval.  No overt pulmonary edema is seen.  Small bilateral pleural effusions are new in the interval with patchy atelectasis noted in the lung bases, more pronounced on the left.  Sutures within the left apex are re- demonstrated.  Multiple old left sided rib fractures are again noted with partial resection of the left fifth posterior rib. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema, not changed in the interval, with increased small bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings: Interval increase in the transverse cardiac diameter with pulmonary vascular congestion and parahilar peribronchial cuffing suggesting pulmonary edema.  No obvious Kerley B lines or pleural effusions.  Surgical material again
['Findings: The lungs are slightly hypoinflated with bilateral lower lobe atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size, mediastinal contour and hila are unremarkable. Calcification of aortic arch is present.  Evidence of multiple posterior right healed rib fractures with severe rib cage deformity. Previous right clavicular fracture with intact hardware. No evidence of hardware loosening.  Limited assessment of the upper abdomen is within normal limits. Impression: 1.  Hypoinflated lungs with bibasilar opacities which favor atelectasis although differential diagnosis includes aspiration and infectious pneumonia. Considering clinical suspicion for infection, followup PA and lateral chest radiographs may be helpful to more fully evaluate the lung bases 3.  Multiple posterior healed rib fractures with severe rib cage deformity. Limited evaluation for acute fractures.', 'Findings: Single portable supine frontal chest radiograph demonstrates endotracheal tube 1.9 cm above the level of the carina in appropriate position.  Limited evaluation due to patient rotation. The lungs are hypoinflated with bilateral lower lobe atelectasis. Multiple posterior right rib deformities are similar in appearance to previous examination and in the absence of trauma
['Findings: Left-sided pacemaker device is noted with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle, unchanged.  Moderate to severe cardiomegaly is re- demonstrated.  The mediastinal contours are unchanged with tortuosity of the thoracic aorta again noted.  Hilar contours are stable, and there is no pulmonary edema demonstrated.  Vague focal opacity is seen within the right upper to mid lung field, which is nonspecific, but not clearly demonstrated on the previous exam.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is otherwise demonstrated. Impression: No evidence of congestive heart failure.    Vague focal opacity projecting over the right upper to mid lung field, which is nonspecific.  This could potentially reflect an inflammatory or infectious focus, but follow up radiographs are recommended to assess for resolution of this finding.', 'Findings: There has been interval placement of a pacer unit over the left chest with leads terminating in the expected areas of the right atrium and the right ventricle.  There is no pneumothorax.  The heart size continues to be enlarged.  The mediastinal contours demonstrate
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is continued elevation of pulmonary venous pressure, but the degree of pulmonary edema has decreased since the previous study.  Stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.  The left hemidiaphragm is again obscured, consistent with pleural effusion and atelectasis at the left base.  In the appropriate clinical setting, supervening pneumonia would have to be considered. Impression: ', 'Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear.  Emphysematous changes are noted.  Bilateral pleural effusions are seen. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is slightly increased in size. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Previously seen layering right pleural effusion has increased, now moderate to large.  With adjacent consolidation.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged, unchanged from the prior study.  The aorta is tortuous and heavily calcified.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is similar to the prior study, mild asymmetric pulmonary edema, worse on the right, is new.  There is no pneumothorax or displaced fracture. Impression: 1. Interval
['Findings: The lungs are clear.The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.No pleural abnormality is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views the chest were provided.  The heart is top-normal in size.  The lungs are clear bilaterally.  No pneumothorax or effusion is seen.  No overt signs of pneumonia.  Mild hilar congestion difficult to exclude.  Bony structures are intact.  There is a mild pectus excavatum deformity of the sternum. Impression: Mild cardiomegaly.  Mild hilar congestion likely present.']
['Findings:  Impression: In comparison to ___ chest radiograph, pulmonary vascular congestion is accompanied by worsening pulmonary edema and enlarging pleural effusions.  No other relevant change.', 'Findings: This exam is compromised by patient habitus and technique.  There is stable small bilateral pleural effusions, but mediastinum is wider probably due to vascular engorgement.  Severe cardiomegaly is chronic and stable.  Moderate bilateral basal atelectasis is unchanged.  Minimally improved interstitial opacities may be due to improved lung volumes and not necessarily improvement of moderate pulmonary edema.  Intraaortic pump has not migrated, though 3 cm higher than conventional positioning.  Otherwise, the remaining monitoring and support lines are appropriate in positioning.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Minimal improvement in lung volume.  Stable mild pulmonary edema. Progressive mediastinal widening probably due to vascular engorgement.', 'Findings: The mid to lower lungs are relatively underpenetrated, presumed due to patient body habitus.  No large pleural effusion is seen.  There is no evidence of pneumothorax.  The cardiac and medi
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to scout image of outside chest CT from 2 days earlier, cardiomediastinal contours are stable.  Interval worsening of poorly defined opacities in the left lower lobe, which may reflect aspiration or developing infectious pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  New right basilar opacification favors atelectasis considering associated signs of volume loss.  Note is also made of a small right pleural effusion but no definite pneumothorax.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  Nodular opacities projecting over the lung bases are compatible with nipple shadows.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: PA and lateral chest compared to ___:  Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum and pleural surfaces.  Healed left posterior rib fracture.  No explanation for clinical abnormalities.', 'Findings:  Impression: Compared to chest radiographs since ___, most recently ___.  Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged since ___, but substantially increased since ___.  There is however minimal pulmonary vascular congestion, no edema, and no appreciable pleural effusion.  A nearly 2 cm wide elliptical opacity projecting to the left of the cardiac apex is more obvious today than it was on ___ have and new since ___.  Presumably this is atelectasis, but I would re-evaluate with conventional chest radiographs and perform CT scanning if the abnormality is not clearly insignificant.  Healed fracture, posterolateral left middle rib.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Conventional chest radiographs to consider advisability of chest CT.', 'Findings:  Impression: In comparison with study of ___, there is little change.  Again there is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette without vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.', '
['Findings: The lung volumes remain low.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  No overt pulmonary edema.  No evidence of pneumonia.  No larger pleural effusions. Impression: ']
['Findings:  Impression: Resolved opacities within the left lower lobe.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  The heart size is within normal limits.  No configurational abnormality is identified.  Unremarkable appearance of thoracic aorta and mediastinal structures.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  There exists a small area of poorly delineated parenchymal infiltrates projecting partially over the left heart border identified on the lateral view to occupy the posterior segment of the left lower lobe.  No other acute pulmonary parenchymal infiltrates are present and the lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free of any fluid accumulation.  No pneumothorax seen in the apical area.  Skeletal structures of the thorax grossly unremarkable.  Our records do not include a previous chest examination available for comparison. Impression: Small poorly delineated patchy infiltrate in the left lower lobe posterior segment consistent with peribronchial pneumonia.  No other pulmonary abnormalities are seen.  Followup after successful treatment is recommended.', 'Findings: Cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. 
['Findings: Suspected trace pleural unilateral pleural effusion is seen on lateral view only, probably on the left side.  No focal consolidation or pneumothorax is detected.  Heart and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Impression: Suspected trace unilateral pleural effusion, which is highly non-specific although can be seen with pulmonary embolism.  Discussed with ___ by ___ by phone at 2:42 p.m. on ___ at time of initial review of the study.']
['Findings: There are relatively low lung volumes.  There is persistent blunting of the costophrenic angle suggesting trace pleural effusions.  Minimal bibasilar atelectasis is seen.  There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable and unremarkable. Impression: Low lung volumes with persistent blunting of the costophrenic angles may be due to trace pleural effusions.  Minimal bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are compared to previous exam from ___.  The lungs are clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable.  No free air is seen below the diaphragm. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest are provided.  Lung volumes are low with basilar atelectasis noted.  No signs of pneumonia or CHF.  No large pleural effusions are seen.  There is blunting of the CP angles, which could indicate tiny effusions.  Cardiomediastinal
['Findings: The lung volumes are normal. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures. . No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema. No pleural effusions. Impression: Normal chest radiograph without pneumonia.  NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___  with Dr. ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:18 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.']
['Findings:  Impression: Interval placement of nasogastric tube terminating in the body of the stomach. Distended loops of bowel in the upper abdomen have been more fully evaluated by recent abdominal CT which reported a high-grade small bowel obstruction.', 'Findings:  Impression: NG tube tip is in the stomach.  There is mild dilatation of the bowel.  Port-A-Cath catheter tip is in the right atrium.  Heart size and mediastinum are stable.  Lungs are overall clear.']
['Findings: The previously moderate left pleural effusion has improved, and is now small.  There is no right-sided effusion.  Pulmonary edema and pulmonary vascular congestion have resolved. There is stable cardiomegaly. A stent projects over the aortic outflow tract in unchanged position. There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax. Impression: Small left pleural effusion, improved.', 'Findings: ARE LIKELY RELATED TO  CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE, HOWEVER AN UNDERLYING INFECTIOUS PROCESS CANNOT BE  ENTIRELY EXCLUDED. . NSR WET READ VERSION #1 ___ ___ ___ 6:09 PM  THERE IS REDEMONSTRATION OF MODERATE BILATERAL PLEURAL EFFUSIONS, LEFT WORSE  THAN RIGHT. EVALUATION OF THE CARDIAC SILHOUETTE IS LIMITED. THERE IS MILD TO  MODERATE PULMONARY VASCULAR CONGESTION. FINDINGS ARE LIKELY RELATED TO  CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE, HOWEVER AN UNDERLYING INFECTIOUS
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No signs of pneumonia or other acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Mild to moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is re- demonstrated.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present.  There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were performed.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace consolidation.  A linear opacity at the left lung base is unchanged, likely reflecting scarring.  The heart size is normal.  The hilar and mediastinal structures are unremarkable.  Kyphoplasty changes are again seen in the thoracic spine. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Unchanged tortuous aorta. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine several vertebroplasties and compression fracture of lower thoracic vertebral bodies are unchanged. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities or evidence of amiodarone toxicity', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Linear plate-like atelectasis or scarring in the left mid and right lower lung is unchanged.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable and normal
['Findings: The lungs are mildly hyperinflated.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size with normal cardiomediastinal contours. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Single AP upright image through the chest demonstrates clear lungs bilaterally. Patient is rotated to her right. Allowing for this, the cardiomediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits. There is no large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. Surgical clips are noted in the lower neck in the anticipated location of the thyroid bed. Impression: No acute intrathoracic abnormality.']
['Findings: There is increased streaky opacification at the right lung base greater than the left lung base most compatible with atelectasis.  The lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  No significant pleural effusion or pneumothorax is detected.  The cardiac silhouette is normal in size.  The mediastinal contours are slightly prominent due to unfolding of the thoracic aorta but otherwise within normal limits.  The hilar contours are unremarkable.  The trachea is midline.  There is no free air beneath the right hemidiaphragm.  No displaced rib fractures are detected. Impression: Bibasilar atelectasis on the right greater than the left.  No displaced rib fracture or pneumothorax.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  In the interval, the patient has undergone right shoulder replacement.  The appearance of the thorax is otherwise unchanged.  Normal size of the heart with a slight elongation of an ascending and descending aorta.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema, no pleural effusions.  Mild asymmetry of the ribcage, caused by moderate scoliosis.', 'Find
['Findings: Portable AP upright chest radiograph was obtained.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart is normal in size with tortuous aortic contour. Rightward tracheal deviation is likely due to thyroid goiter. No displaced rib fractures are identified. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings:  Impression: The worsening of interstitial pulmonary abnormality, accompanied by increased mediastinal venous caliber suggests pulmonary edema is the likely cause.  Heart size is normal but slightly larger. Pleural effusion is small if any.', 'Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, the patient still soft was from moderate to severe pulmonary edema.  There is marked enlargement of the central portions of the pulmonary arteries.  A small pleural effusion on the right might have newly ocurred.  Retrocardiac atelectasis has worsened since the previous examination.', 'Findings:  Impression: Heart size top-normal.  Left lung clear aside from vascular congestion. Vascular congestion is also present in the right lung but there are areas where the architecture of the lung is distorted, perhaps by atelectasis or scarring.  CT scanning would be extremely helpful to separate the possibility of active infection or even malignancy from more benign causes. Small pleural effusions are likely. There is no pneumothorax.', 'Findings: There is a been interval placement of a right internal jugular approach hemodialysis catheter, with tip terminating in the right
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lung volumes are low limiting evaluation.  There is mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm unchanged.  No large pleural effusion is seen.  Hilar congestion is noted with mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  The heart size is stable.  Mediastinal contour is unchanged.  Bony structures are intact. Impression: Pulmonary vascular congestion with mild interstitial pulmonary edema, bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: There is an opacity in the right lung base involving the right middle lobe with associated right lung volume loss and elevation of the right hemidiaphragm, consistent with atelectasis although cannot completely exclude a component of pneumonia or aspiration in the appropriate clinical setting.  The previously seen right upper lobe rounded opacity has resolved from prior exam.  Trace pleural effusions may be present. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged, similar prior exam. Impression: 1.  Opacity in the right lung base with associated right lung volume loss, consistent with atelectasis although cannot completely exclude a component of pneumonia or aspiration in the right clinical setting.
['Findings: The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation. The heart is normal size. The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable. There is no rib fracture seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: The heart is borderline in size. Patchy calcification is noted along the aortic arch. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a mild interstitial abnormality mostly characterized by mild peribronchial cuffing. There is no upper zone redistribution of pulmonary vasculature and the pulmonary vessels appear distinct. Neither hilum appears congested. The left cardiac apex is slightly obscured on the frontal view but probably due to a fat pad rather than a pulmonary opacity. Impression: Mild interstitial abnormality suggestive of airway inflammation or atypical pneumonia.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there has been placement for right subclavian PICC line that extends to the upper portion of the SVC.  There is continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary vascular congestion, raising the possibility of cardiomyopathy or pericardial effusion.  Opacifications projected above the upper chest on the right again most likely represents the hair of the patient.  The lungs are essentially clear without pulmonary vascular congestion. Impression: ', "Findings: Single portable view of the chest.  Right PICC is identified .  The tip is not clearly delineated however may be in the region of the superior SVC.  There are increased densities projecting over the anterior 2nd ribs bilaterally.  Thought to be external in nature, potentially patient's hair.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Impression: Right PICC tip not clearly delineated.  The line is only well seen to the region of the superior SVC.", 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___ through ___.  Moderate cardiomegaly is chronic.  Pulmonary vascular congestion and mediastinal ven
['Findings: Since ___, mild pulmonary congestion and left retrocardiac atelectasis from severely elevated left hemidiaphragm, which may be due to eventration or diaphragmatic paralysis, are unchanged.  Moderate cardiomegaly is stable.  No evidence of pneumothorax or pneumonia.  Narrow appearing trachea may be seen in patients with chronic lung disease. Impression: 1. Mild pulmonary congestion and left retrocardiac atelectasis from severely elevated left hemidiaphragm, which may be due to eventration or diaphragmatic paralysis, are unchanged since ___. 2. Narrow appearing trachea may be seen in patients with chronic lung disease. Please correlate with patient history.', 'Findings:  Impression: Comparison to ___.  Unchanged normal lung volumes.  Moderate cardiomegaly.  Mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema.  Unchanged elevation of the left hemidiaphragm with subsequent left retrocardiac atelectasis.  No evidence of pneumothorax or pneumonia.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, edema, or effusion.  There is a 9 mm nodular opacity projecting over the left lung apex suggestive above the clavicular head not seen on prior.  Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged.  Thoracolumbar S-shaped scoliosis is noted without acute osseous abnormalities. Surgical clips noted in the upper abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. 9 mm nodular opacity projecting over left lung apex.  Nonurgent chest CT is suggested for evaluation of this and for documentation of stability of the previously described nodules from ___ as previously recommended.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the sternotomy wires are in unchanged position.  The patient continues to show signs of moderate fluid overload and sequela of pulmonary hypertension.  The pre-existing atelectasis in the retrocardiac lung regions is unchanged in extent and severity.  A co-existing pneumonia at this anatomical location cannot be excluded.  No pneumothorax.  No larger pleural effusions. Impression: ', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, all monitoring and support devices have been removed, including the chest tube and the endotracheal tube. Moderate cardiomegaly.  Signs of mild-to-moderate fluid overload and atelectasis at both lung bases.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  No new parenchymal opacity. Impression: ', 'Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy with unchanged fracture of the superior most sternotomy wire.  Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged, with persistent enlargement of the pulmonary arteries compatible with pulmonary artery hypertension.  Mild pulmonary vascular engorgement is noted.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  No acute osseous
['Findings: The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: to ___ by telephone on ___ at 12:12 PM, 2 minutes after discovery of the findings. Impression: Substantial increase in left upper lobe heterogeneous consolidation and new peripheral areas of heterogeneous opacity are very suggestive of worsening pneumonia and septic emboli or multiple pulmonary infarctions.  There may be a mild component of pulmonary edema due to volume overload reflected in mild increase in both heart size and caliber of mediastinal veins.  Small left and small to moderate right pleural effusion are unchanged.  NOTIFICATION:   Dr. ___ reported the findings to ___ by telephone on ___ at 12:12 PM, 2 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings: There are moderate bilateral pleural effusions.  Fluid is also seen tracking along the right-sided fissures.  There is moderate interstitial pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac silhouette is top-normal.  Mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Impression: Moderate bilateral pleural effusions and moderate pulmonary edema.', 'Findings:  Impression: Since ___, moderate to large right pleural effusion is stable, moderate to large left pleural effusion
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  Lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings:  Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
["Findings: A right subclavian approach Port-A-Cath tip is new and its tip projects over the expected region of the distal left brachiocephalic vein just at its confluence with the SVC.  The lungs are hyperexpanded and hyperlucent, consistent with emphysema.  No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.  The heart is mildly enlarged, increased from the prior exam.  There is pulmonary vascular congestion but no over pulmonary edema.  Prominent reticular scarring at the bilateral apices is probably similar to the prior exam and better characterized on the prior chest CT.  No obvious pulmonary mass.  No acute osseous abnormality. Impression: 1.  Right Port-A-Cath tip ends in the left brachiocephalic vein just prior to the SVC confluence.  2.  No obvious pulmonary mass.  Given the patient's history, dedicated Chest CT would be recommended evaluate for metastatic lesions.  3.  Persistent prominently biapical calcified micronodular pattern, better characterized on the prior chest CT from ___.  4.  Emphysema.  5.  Mild cardi
['Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  There are no pleural effusions.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette.  Moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  No hilar or mediastinal lymph node enlargements.  Normal appearance of the lung parenchyma, without evidence of fibrosis or micronodules. Impression: No radiologic evidence of sarcoidosis.', 'Findings: A new electronic device resides in the subcutaneous soft tissues overlying the left mid chest.  Allowing for differences in technique, the only other change is an apparent increase in the size of the heart, which now appears mildly enlarged.  Streaky lingular opacity suggests minor scarring.  Otherwise, the lungs appear clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: New mild cardiomegaly.  No evidence of acute disease.']
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Lung volumes are somewhat low with bibasilar atelectasis noted. There is no convincing sign of pneumonia or CHF. No large effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The heart size appears grossly normal though difficult to assess on the frontal projection. The mediastinal contour appears normal. The bony structures are intact. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen.  On the lateral projection, gas filled dilated small bowel is present. Impression: 1. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm. 2. Bibasilar atelectasis. 3. Gas-filled dilated small bowel in the upper abdomen for which dedicated radiograph or CT may be performed to further assess.']
['Findings: No previous images.  The heart is normal in size and the lungs are clear without vascular congestion or pleural effusion.  Specifically, no evidence of pneumothorax. Impression: ']
['Findings: The lungs are grossly clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no pulmonary edema.  The heart is normal in size, and the mediastinal contours are normal. Impression: No acute pulmonary process identified.']
['Findings: The left-sided chest tube and mediastinal drains have been removed. There is a small left apical pneumothorax.  Right IJ line with tip in the right atrium is again seen.  There is volume loss in both lower lungs left greater than right Impression: Tiny left apical pneumothorax after removal of chest tube.', 'Findings:  Impression: Left pectoral generator has been removed and the leads transected close to the left first anterior interspace.  The internal courses of the leads to the right atrium right ventricle and exterior to the left ventricle are unchanged. Left upper mediastinal widening is still present, not characterized.  There is no pneumothorax or substantial left pleural effusion. Mild relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is presumably due to left lower lobe atelectasis.  Right lung is clear.  Heart size is normal', 'Findings: ICD biventricular pacing device is again demonstrated, with leads terminating in the right atrium, right ventricle and a third lead for biventricular pacing.  Lead position is unchanged from the prior radiograph.  Cardiomed
['Findings: The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Impression: No acute chronic process.  NOTIFICATION:  These findings were communicated to ___ at 1:29 p.m. on ___ by phone.', 'Findings: No focal consolidation is seen.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable.  Previously seen lingular opacity has essentially resolved in the interval. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Subtle lingular opacity is worrisome for pneumonia  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. Impression: Subtle lingular opacity is suspicious for pneumonia.', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest views were obtained with patient in upright position.  The heart size is normal.  No typical configurational abnormality is seen.  Thoracic aorta and mediastinal structures are unremarkable.  The pulmonary vasculature is not congested.  On the right lung base, there is a
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, the cardiomediastinal silhouette remains unchanged and there is no evidence of acute pneumonia or vascular congestion.  There is some blunting of the costophrenic angles that could represent small amount of pleural fluid. Impression: ', "Findings: The lungs remain hyperinflated consistent with COPD but clear of any focal opacities concerning for an infectious process.  Surgical clips are noted in the mediastinum at the site of the patient's prior mediastinal mass. Hilar and paratracheal adenopathy is again present, although improved. A calcified mitral annulus is present. There is no pleural effusion and no pneumothorax. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Improving hilar and paratracheal adenopathy.", 'Findings: There is cardiomegaly.  There is a left retrocadiac opacity.  There is a left-sided pleural effusion which appears relatively stable.  There is some coarsening of bronchovascular markings without overt pulmonary edema.  Study is of limited
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.  There is no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Imaged osseous structures are intact. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: Comparison is made with prior study from ___.  There is a mitral valve replacement.  Median sternotomy wires are seen.  Heart size is upper limits of normal.  Since the previous study, there has been development of a pleural effusion at the right base, some of which is partially loculated.  There are no signs for overt pulmonary edema or focal consolidation. Impression: ', 'Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is minimal left basilar linear atelectasis.  Blunting of the right costophrenic angle is a chronic finding.  There is no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax.  Median sternotomy wires are intact.  The mitral valve ring projects over stable position in the chest. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Relatively low lung volumes are noted with bibasilar atelectasis.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Left-sided pacer device is stable in position.  Large-bore left-sided central venous catheter is seen, difficult to discern where the distal tip is due to overlying pacer wires.  The cardiac silhouette remains mildly enlarged.  The aortic knob is calcified.  The aorta is likely tortuous. There is a moderate left pleural effusion, with overlying atelectasis.  Minimal to no right pleural fluid is seen.Minimal pulmonary vascular congestion is seen.  No evidence of pneumothorax. Impression: Moderate left pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: Moderate pulmonary edema has increased.  Retrocardiac opacities have increased consistent with increasing small effusion and adjacent atelectasis.  There is no pneumothorax.  Severe cardiomegaly is a stable.  Pacer leads are in standard position.  HD catheter is in standard position', 'Findings: The heart remains moderately enlarged.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The lungs are well expanded with interstitial edema, which is new since the prior
['Findings: Hyperinflation, likely reflecting COPD.  No focal infiltrate, effusion, edema, or pneumothorax.  Heart size normal.  Cardiac pacer is present.  Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Impression: Possible COPD.  No acute pulmonary disease.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  COPD, with worsening pulmonary hypertension. 2.  Left upper lobe scarring.', 'Findings: There has been no significant interval change compared to the prior radiograph on ___.  Biapical pleural parenchymal scarring is stable.  No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  Stable elevation of the left hilus.  Pacer leads terminate in the right atrium and right ventricle, as expected.  Several air-fluid levels are noted in the upper abdomen, a nonspecific finding. Impression: 1. No evidence of pneumonia. 2. Incidental note is made of multiple air-fluid levels in the upper abdomen, which is a nonspecific finding.  Recommend correlation with abdominal pain.']
['Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings: Comparison is made to prior study of ___.  There is cardiomegaly.  There is improvement of vascular congestion since the prior study.  There remains some prominence of pulmonary interstitial markings.  There is no focal consolidation or pneumothoraces. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: is that there is slight decrease in their extent.  Mediastinal and hilar lymphadenopathy is still present.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Leftward mediastinal shift suggests volume loss in the left lung, and therefore heterogeneous opacification in the infrahilar left lower lobe could be atelectasis.  Small left pleural effusion may be present.  Lateral view would be very helpful in distinguishing among the possibilities.  Moderate cardiomegaly is stable.  Right lung is fully expanded and probably clear, but there is a suggestion of a ___-mm nodule projecting over the second anterior rib partially obscured by tubing.  When conventional radiographs are obtained this area can be reexamined.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate interval removal of a tunneled
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette size is mild to moderately enlarged, decreased from the previous study.  The mediastinal contours are unchanged.  Mild pulmonary edema with perihilar haziness and vascular indistinctness is present, similar compared to the previous exam.  There may be small bilateral pleural effusions, though the left costophrenic angle is excluded from the field of view.  No large pneumothorax is detected. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema, similar compared to the prior exam, with possible small bilateral pleural effusions.', 'Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided.   Cardiomegaly is noted. Underpenetration in the setting of large body habitus limits assessment.  No convincing evidence for pneumonia. No overt CHF no large effusion or pneumothorax.  Difficult to exclude mild congestion/edema. Mediastinal contour appears grossly within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. Impression: 1. Slightly enlarged heart size with possible mild congestion. 2. No convincing signs of pneumonia.', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable including mild-to-moderate cardiomegaly
['Findings: Heart size, mediastinal and hilar contours are normal.  Lungs and pleural surfaces are clear. Impression: No radiographic evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: There are diffuse airspace opacities throughout the left lung as well as a more focal airspace opacity in the right mid lung.  There is a small to moderate left pleural effusion and pulmonary vascular congestion.  Apparent elevation of left hemidiaphragm could reflect a subpulmonic component of the effusion.  There is no pneumothorax.  .  Heart size is top normal and note is made of distension of the azygos vein. There is no acute osseus abnormality. Impression: 1.  Asymmetrically distributed airspace opacities predominantly affecting the left lung, concerning for massive aspiration in the setting of recent overdose.  Asymmetrical distribution of pulmonary edema is considered less likely.  2.  Pulmonary vascular congestion and small to moderate left pleural effusion.']
['Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There is no focal lung consolidation. Impression: No evidence of pneumonia.']
['Findings: There is no residual pneumomediastinum, pneumopericardium, or pneumothorax.  Left lower neck residual subcutaneous air has decreased.  The lungs are clear. Mediastinal and cardiac contours are normal.  There is no pleural effusion.  CONCLUSION:  There is no residual pneumopericardium, pneumomediastinum, or pneumothorax.  Small left lower neck subcutaneous air has decreased. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: Complete versus near-complete resolution of biapical pneumothoraces.  Minimal residual pneumomediastinum.  Lungs otherwise clear.', 'Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The heart is of normal size with normal cardiomediastinal contours.  The lungs are clear without focal or diffuse abnormality.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable.  Mild degenerative changes of the right acromioclavicular and glenohumeral joints are present.  Osseous structures are otherwise unremarkable.  No radiopaque foreign bodies. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  There is mild bibasilar atelectasis.  Lungs remain hyperinflated with faint reticular interstitial opacity, stable since the prior study, suggesting preexisting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  No new focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.  The very inferior posterior costophrenic angles are excluded from the lateral view.  The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable. Impression: No significant interval change.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear.The cardiac, hilar and mediastinal contours are normal.No pleural abnormality is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings:  Impression: The lung volumes are normal. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures.  No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema.  No pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax. Azygos lobe as normal anatomical variant.']
['Findings: Tip of endotracheal tube terminates about 9 cm above the carina and could be advanced for standard positioning.  Other indwelling devices are in standard position.  The patient is status post recent aortic stent graft placement, with similar appearance of the stent graft and aortic contour compared to the recent radiograph.  Heart size is normal.  Pulmonary vascular congestion has slightly improved, with associated improving asymmetrical opacities in the left lung, likely due to asymmetrical edema, although other process such as aspiration is also possible in the appropriate clinical setting.  Persistent layering left pleural effusion is also noted. Impression: ', 'Findings: Right pleural effusion has increased and left pleural effusion appears unchanged.  Bibasilar atelectasis is seen.  No pneumothorax is seen.  Heart and mediastinal contours are stable.  Aortic stent graft is again noted. Right internal jugular catheter is similarly positioned. Impression: Bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent atelectasis, increased on the right.', 'Findings: The tip of endotracheal tube ends approximately 8.4 cm above the
['Findings: Portable semi-upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates tiny bibasilar pleural effusions with adjacent atelectasis, right greater than left.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  There is no pneumothorax or consolidation.  Nasogastric tube courses into the stomach and out of the field of view. Impression: Tiny bibasilar pleural effusions with adjacent atelectasis, right greater than left.']
['Findings: Extensive pleural calcifications bilaterally.  Fiducial seed placement in a left upper lobe nodule.  Neither the frontal nor the lateral radiographs show evidence of pneumothorax.  Massive overinflation.  Small cardiac silhouette.  No hilar or mediastinal abnormalities. Impression: ']
['Findings: There is bilateral lower lobe atelectasis.  The lungs are otherwise clear.  Note is made of an azygos fissure.  The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are normal.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.  Pulmonary vascularity is normal.  No displaced rib fracture is seen. Impression: No evidence of pneumothorax or displaced rib fracture.']
['Findings:  Impression: Persistent ill-defined lower lobe perihilar opacities, little changed from prior study, and not incompatible with clinical diagnosis of viral pneumonia.', 'Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, a nasogastric tube has been placed.  The tip of the tube is in the stomach.  Correct position of the endotracheal tube and the right internal jugular vein catheter.  The right pleural effusion has minimally decreased but areas of right basal atelectasis persist.  Unchanged left basal atelectasis, the presence of a small left pleural effusion cannot be excluded.  Moderate cardiomegaly. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to ___:  Nasogastric tube passes into the stomach and out of view.  Left upper lobe posterior segmental atelectasis seen on the chest CT ___, is probably still present.  A band of atelectasis in the right mid lung is probably unchanged.  Heart is mildly enlarged, a mediastinum that is greatly widened due to fat deposition.  Of note, the CTA showed likely a substantial tracheobronchomalacia, although this
['Findings: Lungs are fully expanded and clear. No pleural abnormalities. Heart size is normal.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar silhouettes are normal. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: In comparison with the study of ___, there is little change and no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged and there is tortuosity of the aorta.  However, no acute pneumonia, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: ', 'Findings: The heart size has left ventricular prominence.  There are no signs for overt pulmonary edema.  There are some hazy densities at the left base likely representing atelectasis as opposed to focal infiltrates.  No pneumothoraces are identified.  Bony structures demonstrate old healed fractures of the left lateral clavicle and degenerative changes of the left glenohumeral joint. Impression: ', 'Findings: The heart size is normal.  The aorta is tortuous.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are otherwise unchanged, and no pulmonary vascular congestion is present.  Except for mild bibasilar atelectasis, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.  Diffuse demineralization of the osseous structures is re- demonstrated.  Degenerative changes of both gl
['Findings: Cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged similar to prior examination with re-demonstration of a tortuous calcified thoracic aorta.  Patient is status post CABG with median sternotomy wires in place.  Hilar contours are unremarkable without evidence of overload or interstitial edema.  A small left-sided effusion with associated compressive atelectasis is improved compared to prior examination.  The remainder of the lung fields are clear.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Improving small left pleural effusion with compressive atelectasis.  No evidence of fluid overload or interstitial edema.', 'Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs were obtained.  Lung volumes remain very low.  A persistent tiny left apical pneumothorax remains without evidence of tension.  Bilateral small pleural effusions are present with compressive atelectasis at the bases.  Postoperative cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are stable. Impression: 1.  Persistent tiny left apical pneumothorax.  2.  Small bilateral pleural effusions with compressive atelectasis.', 'Findings: In comparison with the
['Findings: Persistent layering bilateral pleural effusions with associated bibasilar atelectasis is unchanged.  Mild interstitial edema particularly at the lung bases is noted.  Left retrocardiac opacities obscure the left hemidiaphragm.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: Left retrocardiac opacities may be due to atelectasis or effusion, however, infection cannot be excluded given the appropriate clinical circumstance.  Mild interstitial edema.  Persistent bilateral layering effusions and bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings: The heart size is mildly enlarged.  There are moderate bilateral pleural effusions.  There is pulmonary vascular redistribution and alveolar edema bilaterally.  There is volume loss/infiltrates in both bases.  Compared to the prior study the amount of fluid  over load has increased. Impression: Worsened CHF.', 'Findings: Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  Again appreciated is a 1 cm left apical nodule and better characterized on recent CT of the C-spine.  There is bibasilar atelectasis and bilateral lay
['Findings: The heart size is normal.  The aorta remains unfolded.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs remain hyperinflated.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  There are mild degenerative changes of the imaged thoracolumbar spine.  Retained oral contrast is seen within colonic loops of bowel in the left hemi-abdomen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', "Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs.  Pneumoperitoneum below both hemidiaphragms was present on PET-CT from three days prior.  This is most likely from the patient's PEG tube placement.  The HD dialysis catheter has been removed.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.  The lungs are expanded but clear.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Impression: 1.  Pneumoperitoneum is likely post-procedural from PEG tube placement on ___. 2.  No pneumonia.  Findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___ by
['Findings: The lung volumes are normal. Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal hilar and mediastinal structures. Unchanged appearance of the spine on the lateral chest radiograph. No pneumonia, no pulmonary edema. No pleural effusions. Impression: Normal chest radiograph']
['Findings: There is no evidence of focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or pulmonary edema.  Mild bronchial cuffing is noted in the right upper lobe.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Impression: Mild bronchial wall cuffing may relate to reactive airways disease.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low, accentuating the cardiac silhouette as well as causing vascular crowding.  The cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged with tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  There is mild prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature without frank interstitial edema.  There is a trace right-sided pleural effusion with fluid tracking along the minor fissure.  A ring-like density projects over the right upper lung field measuring roughly 2.6 cm without clear lateral correlate.  There is no pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  Moderate cardiomegaly with mild fluid overload and trace right-sided effusion.  2.  A 2.6 cm ring density projecting over the right upper lung field without clear lateral correlate.  Recommend oblique views for further characterization as well as acquisition of prior studies for comparison, if available.  Discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___ ___ the phone at 1:56am ___.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate moderate dextroconvex thoracic scoliosis.  Allowing for such, the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  The lungs are clear.  There is no pneumothorax, vascular congestion, or pleural effusion. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Cardiac sillhouette is stable.   The thoracic aorta is tortuous, unchanged from prior. The bilateral hila are unremarkable.  The lungs are clear without focal consolidation. There is no pulmonary vascular congestion.  There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is mid thoracic dextroscoliosis. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. No pneumothorax.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, a pre-existing left pleural effusion has slightly increased in extent.  The pre-existing right pleural effusion is constant.  Bilateral areas of atelectasis at the lung bases.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema.  No evidence of pneumonia in the well-ventilated lung areas. Left pectoral pacemaker.  Normal course and position of the pacemaker leads. Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', 'Findings:  Impression: ', "Findings:  Impression: 1.  Left-sided pacemaker remains in place.  Persistent retrocardiac opacification with an associated effusion likely reflecting compressive atelectasis, although pneumonia or aspiration cannot be entirely excluded.  Smaller right effusion is likely present.  Overall, cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable given patient's rotation to the left on the current examination.  Calcification in the aorta is consistent with atherosclerosis.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.  Interval placement of right internal jugular central line with its tip in the distal SVC.  No evidence of pneumoth
['Findings: The lungs are well inflated and clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Hilar and pleural surfaces are normal. Impression: Normal chest.']
['Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to mild bibasilar atelectasis is slightly worse today than on ___.  Heart size is normal.  No pleural abnormality.', 'Findings: Right-sided Port-A-Cath tip terminates in the proximal right atrium, unchanged. The patient is status post median sternotomy and aortic valve replacement. Low lung volumes are present. Mild to moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is re- demonstrated. Mediastinal and hilar contours are unchanged. There is crowding of the bronchovascular structures without overt pulmonary edema. Minimal atelectasis is noted in the lung bases. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is visualized. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Low lung volumes with mild bibasilar atelectasis.', 'Findings:  Impression: Lungs are clear.  Heart size is normal. Postoperative widening of the mediastinal silhouette unchanged.  No pleural abnormality.  Right supraclavicular central venous infusion port ends in the upper right atrium.', 'Findings: Right-sided Port-A-Cath termin
['Findings: There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal contour is normal.  Extensive flowing osteophyte formation is noted in the visualized thoracic spine. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Lung volumes are low, exaggerating the cardiomediastinal contours, however note is made of mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  There has been an interval development of mild pulmonary edema.  The heart size is normal.  Interval improvement in the consolidation at the left lung base, compared to the exam performed 3 hr prior, is suggestive of atelectasis, however an infectious component may be persistent.  There is no pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Impression: 1.  New mild pulmonary edema.  2. Interval improvement in the consolidation of the left lung base, compared to the radiograph performed 3 hr prior, is suggestive of atelectasis, however given the mild persistent opacity at the left lung base, an acute infectious process cannot be excluded.']
['Findings: The lungs are clear without focal opacity, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal.  There is no free air beneath the right hemidiaphragm. Impression: No acute intrathoracic process.']
['Findings: The lungs are markedly hyperinflated with significant elevation of the left hemidiaphragm similar, with overlying atelectasis.  Streaky linear opacities in the mid and lower right lung are increased from the previous examination but their appearance is more suggestive of a chronic process.  There is mild blunting of the posterior right costophrenic angle, which may be due to a small pleural effusion or pleural thickening.  Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Impression: Increased mid and lower right lung streaky opacities are more suggestive of a chronic pulmonary process.  Comparison with any priors since ___ and continued follow-up.  Mild blunting of the posterior right costophrenic angle, small pleural effusion vs pleural thickening.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate intact sternal wires and clips along the left mediastinum.  The heart is top-normal in size.  Opacity projecting over the lower lungs on lateral view may correspond to either retrocardiac opacity or right infrahilar opacity.  There are bilateral small pleural effusions and possible mild heart failure.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is appreciated.  The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Impression: 1. Opacity projecting over the lower lung on lateral view may correspond either retrocardiac or right infrahilar opacity. 2. Bilateral small pleural effusions and possible mild heart failure.  RECOMMENDATION(S):  Oblique views may be helpful in further evaluation of lower lung opacity seen on lateral view.  NOTIFICATION:  The above recommendation was communicated via telephone by Dr. ___ to Dr. ___ at ___ on ___, approximately 1 hour after attending review.']
['Findings: Frontal and lateral views of the chest.  No prior.  The lungs are clear.  The cardiac silhouette is enlarged.  Surgical clips are seen in the right upper quadrant suggesting prior cholecystectomy.  Osseous and soft tissue structures are otherwise unremarkable. Impression: Cardiomegaly but no acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: Semi-erect portable AP chest radiograph demonstrates low lung volumes.  Atelectasis at the bases is noted.  No focal opacity convincing for pneumonia is present.  Cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  There is no pneumothorax.  No evidence of pulmonary edema. Impression: Small lung volumes with atelectasis.  No focal opacity convincing for pneumonia.']
['Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable. The lungs appear clear. There is a suspected trace new pleural effusion on the left. Impression: Suspected trace new left-sided pleural effusion; otherwise unremarkable.', 'Findings:  Impression: No previous images. The cardiac silhouette is within upper limits of normal in size. No evidence of vascular congestion, pleural effusion, or acute focal pneumonia.']
['Findings:  Impression: ']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volumes have increased, likely reflecting improved ventilation.  The pre-existing very diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities, likely reflecting interstitial lung edema, are unchanged as compared to the previous image.  This is supported by the presence of pleural effusion, evident on the lateral image.  No additional focal parenchymal opacity suggesting pneumonia.  However, in the right lung, subtle calcified granulomas are present.  The patient also shows several calcified mediastinal lymph nodes.  Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette with tortuosity of the thoracic aorta.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ']
['Findings: Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Lungs are clear.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.']
['Findings: As compared to the previous radiograph, there is no relevant change.  No acute changes in the lung parenchyma.  Two linear structures paralleling the right chest wall correspond to skin folds and do not represent pneumothorax.  No pneumonia, no pleural effusions.  No pneumothorax. Impression: ', 'Findings: Portable chest radiograph demonstrates interval placement of a tracheal stent in the midline.  When compared to chest film 1 day prior, there is no interval parenchymal changes.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable in appearance. Impression: Interval placement of tracheal stent.  No new pneumothorax.', 'Findings: were discovered.   WET READ VERSION #1  ______________________________________________________________________________                                 FINAL REPORT HISTORY:  ___-year-old male with 30 pack-year history of smoking now with worsening dysphagia.  COMPARISON:  None available. 
['Findings: PA and lateral views of chest demonstrate no evidence of pneumonia. In the lateral right apex, there may be a small amount of parenchymal scaring.  The heart is of normal size.  There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. No displaced fracture is seen. Impression: Possible lateral right apex scarring.  No acute findings to explain left sided chest pain.']
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest.  The lungs are clear given low lung volumes with secondary crowding of the bronchovascular markings.  There is no consolidation or effusion.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable as are the osseous and soft tissue structures. Impression: No definite acute cardiopulmonary process given relatively low lung volumes.', 'Findings: Assessment is somewhat limited due to patient rotation and kyphosis.  Lung volumes are low.  Heart size is mildly enlarged.  The aorta remains tortuous.  Perihilar hazy opacities with vascular indistinctness is more pronounced on the right compared to the left, likely reflective of asymmetric mild to moderate pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax is demonstrated.  Small right pleural effusion is likely present.  No acute osseous abnormalities are seen. Impression: Perihilar hazy opacities and vascular indistinctness, more pronounced on the right compared to the left likely reflects asymmetric mild to moderate pulmonary edema. Probable small right pleural effusion.', 'Findings: The lung volumes are low.  There is interstitial prominence consistent with mild pulmonary ed
['Findings: Heart size is top normal.  Mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are unremarkable.  Lungs are clear.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.', 'Findings: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are within normal limits.  Lungs are well expanded and clear.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: An ET tube is seen terminating approximately 6 cm from the carina. NG tube tip is seen in the stomach. A left-sided subclavian line ends in the mid SVC. A PICC is seen ending in the atriocaval junction. The lungs are otherwise clear of focal opacities.  Heart size is normal.  No obvious pleural effusions or pneumothoraces are seen. No pulmonary edema is present. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process. Lines in position as above.', 'Findings:  Impression: 1.  Right internal jugular central line with its tip in the mid SVC.  Left subclavian central line with its tip in the mid SVC.  Endotracheal tube has its tip approximately 3.5 cm above the carina.  Interval appearance of a patchy opacity at the right base which may represent an area of pneumonia.  Clinical correlation is advised.  Lung is grossly clear.  No evidence of pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.  Overall, cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.', 'Findings: Support and monitoring devices are in standard position, and cardiomedi
['Findings: The heart is normal in size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours appear within normal limits.  The lungs are clear.  There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  The bony structures appear within normal limits. Impression: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.', 'Findings: The lungs are clear.  There is no consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.  No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
['Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest provided.   The heart is moderately enlarged with a left ventricular configuration. There is no edema or signs of pneumonia. No effusion or pneumothorax. Bony structures appear intact. Impression: Moderate cardiomegaly.']
['Findings: The lungs are relatively hyperinflated.  No focal consolidation is seen.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiac silhouette is top-normal to mildly enlarged.  The aorta is calcified and tortuous.  There is slight increase in interstitial markings diffusely bilaterally which may be due to mild interstitial edema. Impression: Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  No focal consolidation.']
['Findings: to DR ___ by telephone on ___ at 9:48 AM, 2 minutes after discovery of the findings. Impression: New right basal consolidation, projecting through the right hemidiaphragm is likely pneumonia. Moderate cardiomegaly, unchanged since ___.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion, improved since ___.  Little if any pulmonary edema.  Bronchial cuffing and mild interstitial abnormality may be in indication of COPD, rather than acute condition.  No appreciable pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.  NOTIFICATION:   Dr. ___ reported the findings to DR ___ by telephone on ___ at 9:48 AM, 2 minutes after discovery of the findings.', 'Findings:  Impression: No relevant change as compared to the previous image. Mild fluid overload.  But no overt pulmonary edema.  No pneumonia. Non characteristic scarring in the retrocardiac lung regions, at the right lung bases and the right lung apex, without change as compared to the previous image. Status post CABG. Moderate cardiomegaly.  No pleural effusions.  Severe degenerative changes', 'Findings:  Impression: There is card
['Findings: PA and lateral views of the chest provided demonstrate no focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax.  The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.  Bony structures are intact.  No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen. Impression: No acute findings in the chest.']
['Findings:  Impression: As compared to the previous radiograph, no relevant change is seen. The lung volumes have decreased. Moderate cardiomegaly. Unchanged alignment of the sternal wires of the CABG. The pacemaker leads are in constant position. Mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema. No larger pleural effusions. No pneumonia.', 'Findings: AP and lateral views of the chest provided.   Dual lead pacemaker is unchanged in position with leads extending to the region the right atrium and right ventricle. Midline sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are again noted. There is mild pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions. Heart size is top-normal contours unremarkable. No pneumothorax. No acute osseous abnormalities. Impression: Mild pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.', "Findings: The patient is status post median sternotomy and CABG. Left-sided pacemaker device is noted with leads terminating in the regions of the right atrium and right ventricle. The heart size is at least mild to moderately enlarged. Atherosclerotic calcifications are demonstrated in the aortic knob. Moderate pulmonary
["Findings: Portable AP upright chest radiograph was obtained.  The lungs are clear bilaterally.  Prominent epicardial fat pad accounts for the opacity at the left heart border inferiorly.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen, though the left CP angle is partially excluded.  Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable.  Patient is known to have mediastinal lymphadenopathy due to Hodgkin's lymphoma and overall appearance of the mediastinum is stable-to-slightly less thickened along the right paratracheal stripe.  Bony structures appear intact.  No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. Impression: No pneumonia or other acute process in the chest.  Mediastinal prominence is compatible with known lymphadenopathy in the setting of lymphoma.", 'Findings: The lung volumes are normal.  The hilar and mediastinal contours are unremarkable.  Normal lung structure without evidence of adenopathy, lung nodules, pulmonary edema, or pulmonary infection.  Normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Impression: ', 'Findings: The cardiac, mediastinal, and hilar contours appear unchanged.  There are
['Findings: PA and lateral chest radiographs are provided.  Lung volumes are low.  There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is mildly enlarged.  There is no evidence of CHF. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.', 'Findings: Lung volumes remain low. This accentuates the size of the cardiac silhouette which is mildly enlarged, unchanged.  Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Minimal atelectasis is noted in the lung bases. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present. Mild to moderate multilevel degenerative changes are seen in the thoracic spine. Impression: Low lung volumes with mild bibasilar atelectasis.']
['Findings: Frontal AP and lateral views of the chest were obtained.  The lungs are well expanded and clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size is normal.  The mediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  There is a mild pectus excavatum deformity.  No upper abdominal or osseous abnormality is identified. Impression: No pneumonia, edema or effusion.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP and lateral chest compared to ___:  Normal heart, lungs, hila, mediastinum and pleural surfaces.', 'Findings:  Impression: AP chest compared to most recent prior chest radiograph, ___:  Lung volumes are appreciably lower and there is a substantial increase in irregular opacification in the lower lungs, probably the left.  This is at least atelectasis and could be the result of recent aspiration.  Careful followup advised.  Upper lungs are clear.  There is no appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  Heart size normal.']
